A man in shorts and a Hawaiian shirt leans over the rail of a pilot boat, with fog and mountains in the background.
An elderly man sits outside a storefront accompanied by a young boy with a cart.
Two male construction workers are working on a street outside someone's home
A rock climber practices on a rock climbing wall.
A woman behind a scrolled wall is writing
A man in a silver raincoat standing outside by a wheelbarrow.
A gray bird stands majestically on a beach while waves roll in.
A man putting together a wooden chair.
A elderly man holds a can behind his back as he strolls by a beautiful flower market.
A woman is speaking at a podium outdoors.
One police officer standing on the street along with three police officers on horseback.
A woman on the floor covered in cake.
A female gymnast in a black unitard and viewed from behind prepares for a tumbling pass.
Five people are sitting together in the snow.
Three men, one with his shoes off, are asleep on a bench in the park.
A man is doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.
The black dog has a toy in its mouth and a person stands nearby.
A girl in green goggles in a pool with three other children.
A person is carrying a shovel walking down a snowy street.
A boy in winter clothes slides down an orange slide.
A factory worker takes a break from his day to pose for the camera.
The two dogs are running through the grass.
People are standing outside of the cafe about to go in.
A man in a karate pose on a wooden floor.
Two men practicing a form of martial arts in a wooden-floored studio.
A man and a woman are making salads.
A woman in a red floral dress with cardigan takes a photo on a nature trail while holding a rainbow umbrella.
A person is walking with a white bag.
A group of sunbathers lies on the rocks on towels and blankets.
An asian couple enjoy a sushi dinner
A boy is sliding down in a red shirt.
A group of men are sitting down on the ground together.
A man and woman holding wooden polls and practicing martial arts moves in front of a crowd.
A bagpipe street performer in front of a store window.
A male cop is writing a ticket next to a car.
Two men are using tools on this tree.
Two white and brown dogs up against a fence.
A elderly women sitting in a coffee shop wearing a jacket reading a book.
Construction workers are standing around the back of a dump truck.
A group of people walking by a lake.
A woman is showing a peace sign while standing next to a child who is holding a balloon animal while eating food at McDonalds.
People standing with signs representing peace in their hands.
A young child in red and black winter clothing stands near a stationary train.
A furniture store has gathered a large amount of people.
Jewish men and boys r sitting reading Torah.
Six small children sitting at a desk.
Two girls are walking away from the camera under a walkway.
A child submerges from the water.
Two women in baseball caps stand while facing each other in a crowded auditorium.
An Indian man is talking to children as they cut a cake.
A man in blue jeans and a white t-shirt is working on a window with rail guards.
A long-haired dog wearing a pink vest and running
An ethnic street vendor smiles as he displays his vegetables and smokes a cigarette.
A white little girl hugging a black woman.
A cart containig two men being pulled by horses in the rain.
A middle-aged casually dressed man props his feet on his desk.
A woman in a lab coat is looking through a microscope.
A group of people are walking down a sidewalk.
Two people sit in the distance on an unusual rock formation.
A man mountain climbing up an icy mountain.
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
A male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop.
A child playing with a water hose while a woman records with a camcorder
A dog and cat are fighting on a chair.
A woman is throwing water on a child in a plastic swimming pool in a rural area.
An elder bearded man having a rest in a dilapidated building.
Two children, one male and one female are practicing outdoor rock climbing.
A woman with a shaved head dressed in black and white in a parade
A woman uses a sewing machine to sew on the side of the street.
A man who just came from a swim.
Swimmers leaps off the starting blocks into their race lanes at an indoor pool.
People sitting inside a bus waiting to reach their destination.
Two men in traditional Arab dress standing near a car wave at an SUV in the desert.
A boy in a green shirt is doing a chin up.
A group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting.
The person is walking in the mountains.
Some hikers are crossing a wood and wire bridge over a river.
A man with dirty feet laying on a step outside.
A brown dog is running over snow near leafless trees.
This Guy, White shirt, and blue Shorts taking a turn some where.
A little girl with curly hair with her mouth open.
Young girl wearing a two-piece bathing suit bathing underneath a small waterfall.
Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river.
A dog leaping into the water near a motorboat.
Four young adults with two microphones make silly faces at the camera.
A couple kissing at the top of the stairs on a sidewalk.
A man smiling into the camera while holding a decorative plate and a ink pen
The man is holding a baby near a carnival game.
Two Pipe-fitters weld a seam joining a large coupling.
A woman sleeping alone in a bed.
Two women and a man are in a sporty red convertible in front of a large group of people on the sidewalk.
A group of young people talking and laughing.
A man in red trunks flies through the air with a boogie board.
A child plays with a toy in the grass.
Two men are trying to push this very large inflatable golf ball
A dining room full of people eating and a waiter serving them.
A woman with a black purse waiting at a an orange bus stop.
A small boy wearing a white shirt pushes a gray shopping cart.
A group of people wearing light blue shirts and dark blue pants moving around all together.
A young girl wearing a tutu dances in a large room.
A team in yellow, red, and blue jerseys sit next to a road and watch a tiger mascot.
A very dirty young blond boy playing in the mud.
A man putting on geisha like makeup in a mirror wearing a white shirt
A father with his son walking on their front lawn.
A woman in white and a man in a black suit cutting cake together.
Couples gathered in a Brick building descending stairs.
A young blond boy sits at the end of a dock, holding a fishing pole over the water.
A fair in texas with many people.
A man in a hat paints a wooden fence outside.
A man and a woman are making an acrobatic pose in a pool.
Rays of sunlight shine down on a green tent in the woods.
A young man standing on a patio.
A man in hiking boots, shorts, a blue jacket and a wide brimmed hat is walking through an area with pine trees.
A man is taking a nap in the train.
A hiker navigates a rope and wood bridge over a large dry ravine.
Two dogs are wrestling in a field.
Four people are looking at something on the wall in a waiting room.
The man on the bike is sitting on a gravel hill.
Man on bicycle trek high in the mountains.
There are two men riding bicycles outside in the snow covered countryside.
Two men sit against a stone monument among snow covered peaks.
Man riding bike on trail
A boy licks an older male's face that's covered in a blue and yellow creamy substance.
A man in a tan jacket is singing into a microphone.
A runner with one green shoe and one white shoe runs uphill.
A woman doing dirty handwork on wood.
A woman working at a wine bar, wearing a white apron.
A woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid
A beagle walking on the beach next to some waves.
A big crowd is watching some kind of a game.
A boy in a yellow t-shirt plays with a toy resembling a vacuum cleaner hose.
People are doing various activities in a park.
Two people doing their job well and showing off to the public.
A man in a hat is walking in a parking lot.
A young girl in a pink jacket is carrying a rolling luggage bag
A mountain landscape.
A man in a tan jacket and blue jeans sits and looks at the paper.
A man sitting on a chair next to books is sleeping.
Woman in blue is tossing a young child into a pool.
Man in red shirt climbing rock cliff
A brown-haired woman kneels while gathering wool on a black tarp.
A woman in sweater is touching a sheep.
A woman shears a sheep on its back in front of a red-brick wall.
A group of old men gather around a car.
A man with a white hat is sitting at a table listening to a man sing and play the guitar.
A man sits in front of an ATM machine while another man uses the machine.
A black dog with a red collar has an item in his mouth and is climbing out of a pool.
A little girl with inflatable armbands is jumping into the pool
A young boy in a yellow shirt plays with some equipment.
Girls in swimsuits, holding hands and leaping into water.
A young child stands in front of a mirror and has trouble taking off his red jacket.
A person is sitting under a purple umbrella on the beach.
A man with glasses on and a bandanna covering his mouth is looking out through a window.
A boy and a dog stand on a dock watching another dog.
Several patrons are standing out in the rain to get snacks from a street vendor.
A black woman with a hat on is weighing fruits and vegetables.
Similarly dressed children are playing soccer in a rocky field in front of a building.
An older woman is turning backwards and screaming.
A girl sits at a table in front of a plate of food.
A bearded man with animal hide coat and hat.
A woman pulling a wagon with a girl in it across a frozen lake
A backhoe digs out dirt at dusk.
A man wearing blue jeans and a young boy wearing a brown shirt are playing in the backyard.
Three boys play along a decortive wall outside of a building.
A woman wearing a hat selling something to an older women with white hair.
A woman climbs up a cliff
A marching band in red and white uniforms.
Lone skier walks through the snow.
A young, blond girl is standing outside and blowing bubbles.
A man in fishing overalls in the water.
A girl in a blue gymnast outfit is jumping and doing the splits.
A small baby sits on a bed and smiles.
Two men clean the outside of a building under a blue sky.
A man in athletic wear inspects a black and red bicycle.
The child wearing a cap is holding a fishing pole.
A boy is posing for a photograph on the beach.
A woman with glasses about to take a bite out of a huge cookie.
A man wearing a checkered shirt, cream suit and tennis shoes sits on a bench.
A person in a black jacket in the middle of the road.
A group of people are preparing a hot air balloon for flight.
Group of people under banner with symbol on it.
A young man sitting and petting his dog
A man in a black shirt enjoys a snack while a woman in a white shirt looks confused.
A puppy dog is playing with a tennis ball.
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
Ice sculptures take on a whole new meaning in Alaska.
A man in jeans and a purple shirt hard at work building a deck.
Man and young boy singing together using microphones.
A small dog jumping threw some a lake
A young boy standing on the sidewalk while a man lifts up a bag in the background.
Somewhere in a hot dessert a couple of people walking along and some on horses.
Two girls sit beside a river under a tree
A guy in a black jacket and blue jeans holding a large arrangement of roses while walking down the sidewalk.
People are ice-skating and walking across a frozen surface with the Adobe building in the background.
A boy in a light blue t-shirt and red shorts runs forward as he is swinging a baseball bat behind him.
Girl swimming in a lake underwater.
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle.
A male is mowing the grass with a lawn mower.
Two men and one woman sit at a table eating a dessert.
One young girl pushing a toy while her twin sister looks on.
A guy in blue jeans with a black shirt has his hand in his pocket.
Man playing electric guitar live during a concert.
A young boy stands behind a woven mat under a roof of palm fronds.
A woman is kneeling down near the water.
A man with glasses and a white dress shirt sits along side other women and men at a dinner.
A room full of people dining at round tables.
A girl wearing an orange shirt holds onto poles and looks down.
A boy wearing red crocs climbing a tree.
A woman in a white shirt and glasses is painting a white wall green.
A small dog on a leash is being smelled by another animal.
A boy is leaping over a blue hose pipe as a little girl watches.
Seven adults sit around a fire pit having a conversation.
A tourist walks down the street, camera in hand, trying to find something worthy of a photo.
Baseball player looking out into a stadium crowd
A fisherman is standing on some rocks by the sea, illuminated by the sun, which is near the horizon.
A man taking a rest in a shallow river amid the rocks.
A man with glasses is sitting at a desk holding a phone and some papers.
A man in a tan colored shirt cutting food.
Asian school children sitting on each others shoulders.
A little girl is running through the incoming surf on a beach.
In front is a guy singing and playing guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back.
Three little boys with nets looking for bugs to catch.
An elderly man stands alone in a suit and tie outside a store.
A man is preparing food on a grill outside a home.
A man wearing a brown t-shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a chanel store holding a walkie talkie.
A lone boat sitting in the water.
A man is climbing up a very large rock.
A woman running after a child on the beach.
A man is taking a picture of something you can't see off to the right.
A man pours batter out of a silver bowl.
A woman kneading dough in her kitchen with bare hands.
Child swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.
Woman in white shirt and blue and white shorts walking.
The toddler is trying to drink from two sippy cups.
A man with glasses and a long-sleeve green shirt admires a Komodo dragon.
Three children climb on a livestock fence.
The brass section of an orchestra, mostly school-aged, performs a piece.
Firemen are putting our a fire.
A man wearing a black hat standing next to a black pole.
A group of men are doing house repairs.
A man holds a large fish on a boat.
Two adults are playing on a children's swing set.
Boy and girl practicing marshal art on a blue mat.
A brother and sister taking a moment to giggle and have fun during karate practice.
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.
A woman talking on a cellphone inside a large building complex.
A boy in a black swimsuit playing near the water.
A man in a blue shirt is cutting the wood.
A dog is jumping up on hind legs with its mouth open.
A person in midair doing a back flip.
A group of people ride their bicycles on a city street.
A group pf people attending a celebration
A man and young boy asleep in a chair.
The man is walking with a young child outside.
Three people in blond wigs and black dresses singing into microphones.
Two young men play trumpet in traditional mariachi dress.
A woman with gray slacks, blue shirt and sneakers is sitting in a chair writing on a pad.
A girl plugging her nose underwater.
Two men are sitting in an airport waiting area writing in notebooks.
A guy with a yellow bracelet cutting into a cake.
A person hangs from a safety rope as he climbs down a large cliff.
This girl puts the bird in snow, and eats it later.
A woman relaxes in a outside spa on surrounded by majestic mountains and wide open dessert fields.
Two women pull on another coat.
A woman in a tank top is sitting and knitting at a table, with a bottle of something to drink beside her.
A disk jockey mixes the music as girls dance behind him.
People are in a kitchen, two of them are sitting at the kitchen table.
An elderly woman selling rice on the street corner.
A man in a crowd is holding camera equipment as if he is about to take a picture.
A man and a woman are standing in a field.
Several woman walking down the street dressed in pink and other assorted people.
Several children are around a table with a light blue tablecloth.
A little boy in a taupe sweatshirt tries to catch a green balloon above him.
A married ethnic couple celebrate among peers.
Two Aurora firemen having a conversation in front of a storefront.
A white dog runs along the beach
Two females in bikinis are playing table tennis at the beach while another female in a towel watches.
A bride laughs as an older man speaks into a microphone.
A group of men on stairs leading to a large body of water.
A man in straw hat is painting.
A man is sitting alone on a couch in a log room.
The two women and the boy are sitting.
Two young men work over a grill, preparing and serving food on sticks.
Women in costume stand on a stage.
A lady with a red shirt on holding a cup of flavored ice.
A dog is jumping in the grass.
A man in a yellow short and shorts juggles knives.
A man wearing a backpack is jumping off a pier.
Two women are eating out of several white dishes.
Five construction workers building the side of a gray building.
A boy in a life jacket jumps onto something yellow, out of frame.
A man climbs a mountain.
A girl in a checkered, green shirt jumping in the air.
Many people sit or stand around the fountain near the Space Needle.
A black dog stands on top of a brown dog on the grass.
Two men and a woman are in a recording studio.
A man in a wide-brimmed hat is sleeping against a column.
A clown dressed in red and yellow holds something to his mouth.
Two senior citizens are watching as a small boy frolics and plays.
A woman wearing a pink TinkerBell jacket leans against a railing.
Man reads to his son while mother spends time with the other child on the sofa.
A woman plays guitar for two small children.
A man with a long maroon hat is drumming on a black metal bowl.
A man contemplates his next move as he remodels his space.
A man with a colorful hat is sitting next to a variety of tools.
Happily, a young woman tries out her new oversized rope swing.
A man in a blue shirt and a young girl in a purple shirt in an arid, rocky area.
An old man stands next to a vise.
A man is sitting beside a bunch of material while sewing.
A performer showing off their skills at a show.
A teacher and her students are in their classroom all wearing winter jackets.
A young Asian girl with a white bear stocking hat.
Grandpa is demonstrating how the big yellow drill works so the boy will know how to handle the orange toy drill.
Two kayakers; one paddling and one in the water.
A man with hairy arms and a watch pours creamer into a cup of coffee, making color ripples along the surface.
A man is preparing a hot beverage.
These two bike riders are enjoying a trail along a river's edge.
Two women tend to some animals.
A guy with a golden hair is chatting with a guy with a red-hair on top of his head.
Two kids play hockey on a pond.
A crowd watches as several women pull on a rope, perhaps playing tug-of-war.
A young boy excitedly shoots a basketball.
A man is vacuuming a carpet while a toddler is pushing a toy vacuum next to him.
A girl in a white shirt and skirt playing tennis.
A group of pictures in frames are arranged with colorful flowers placed in front of them.
A bearded man sits at a bus window.
A group of people are walking while holding numerous baskets and rugs.
A man is resting his head on the table with his eyes closed.
A maintenance worker on hands and knees cleaning out drainage ditch.
Two ladies are selling fruits and produce on the street.
Street vendors with Nescafe carts talking to each other on a city corner with christmas trees.
Two people are walking past an industrial building.
Four young men holding cups and food are in a huddle.
Two men are eating food in a cafeteria.
Four kids are watching television while sitting in chairs.
The lady with the shopping cart is surrounded by toys galore and various children's bicycles.
A man wearing a cowboy hat, riding on a bronco while another man in a white shirt comes to his aid.
Two men rustle horses during a rodeo.
Ypoung girl with arms crossed over her heart wearing a bikini setting in tall grass in front of a body of water.
A little boy in blue doing bike jumps.
Three women and a man dressed as the "naked cowboy" in New York.
Two men on a cherry picker putting up a billboard of a woman.
A man is going through his scrap book and admiring the mementos from his travels to China.
A very happy looking young woman preparing a snack.
A gentlemen in a burgundy long-sleeve shirt is at a fruit stand selling watermelon.
A window cleaner balances himself while he dries the window.
A conductor in overalls and a blue hat stands outside a car of a locomotive.
A reporter talks to a woman while onlookers watch.
Lady with her hair up in a bun, in a tank top and khakis looking at a bright light.
A man with a beard in coveralls at a seafood market.
There is a man who is working on a cake decoration with a small, thin tool to help him create intricate shapes and designs.
A construction worker is balancing on some scaffolding.
People passing through an open market, while an older woman leans in front of a chilled bin on=f seafood.
A family is posing with SpongeBob SquarePants.
Two ladies get food ready to be served.
A dark-haired woman is placing a label on a cigar.
A woman is reading another woman's palm at a blue table.
A pizza chef is concentrating on something.
A man with a white shirt and blue pants cooking a healthy meal with vegetables.
A man in a yellow shirt inspects jewelry at a jewelry store.
Three people in a room with a woman in a black shirt and neck scarf holding a drink in her hand.
A little boy is playing in a blow up toy.
A boy wearing dark clothes is lying on a red blanket at the opening of a tent.
A Zoo handler engages in an activity with a white tiger.
Three men work to moor a large boat to the dock.
An asian street craftsman fashions items for sale.
Black dog with collar jumping up with a stick in his mouth
Several children are climbing large rocks in a park.
Two boys with blond-hair, wearing striped shirts on a bed.
A man in a red hat bending over.
A fabric worker looking intently at the camera pointed at him.
Young blond woman putting her foot into a water fountain
A man in a black long-sleeve T-shirt is excited to try some food that has been set out on a coffee table.
Two men shouting at a woman in a marketplace.
A man shows a young boy how to sweep in the streets of an Asian city.
Woman sitting on the edge of logs while calmly located in a rice field.
A man wearing headphones works on a laptop in a dimly lit open-air room.
A man shopping at a department store next to a lot of candy.
Several individuals getting together to play the bagpipes and eat some cuisine.
Two black dogs playing with orange object run across grass.
A shirtless man is sitting on the ground holding fruit.
Two men busy hand crafting items in their shop.
A woman in a long brown coat tries to cell brooms to two men.
A man wearing an orange shirt is working in a mud hole
A man in a black hat and a blue jacket is holding a hammer.
A Man wearing a winter hat creates pottery.
A man is working on a Earthen structure with a pickaxe.
Dog swims in the water
A woman in a cowboy hat on a horse chases a calf around a dirt ring.
A cowgirl is riding a horse while chasing a brown bull.
An overweight man and woman are walking on a street past a Coffee &amp; Tea shop.
A crowd of people at a Jewish celebration.
A group of people standing on public transit, two in the foreground are reading newspapers.
A man wearing a hat is selling sunglasses outside.
A man in a checkered blue shirt is sleeping in a recliner chair with car keys in his lap.
A boy in a red suit jumps into a pool.
A muscular man sitting on the ground cutting fruit in half with a machete.
A man picks coconuts from the top of a tree.
A woman and a little girl are playing with a ball in the pool underneath some water chutes.
One tractor trying to pick up another.
Two little girls lie on the carpet next to an O made of wooden blocks.
Some people are riding a raft down a white water river.
A man with a beard, and wearing sunglasses, is playing the drums.
A small boy is looking at footprints in the snow.
A man talks to a woman on a city street corner who is wearing high tops with pink shoelaces.
A male army medic is handing a small child to her father.
This Thai boxer is practicing a high leg kick as a warm up before his fight.
Workers are putting linens in colored water.
A person is standing at the top of a large, rolling sand dune.
A boy in a plaid shirt wields a shovel on the beach.
A little boy in an orange sweater and sunglasses plays at the beach.
A young boy plays with another boy on the playground.
Two men wearing gray tank tops and khaki shorts are standing on scaffolding outside of a brick building.
A small child in a red shirt stands in the middle of the street.
A young kid is having fun playing with a ball.
A sheepdog is rounding up a herd of sheep.
Several people, including a man in a pink and black striped shirt who is taking a picture of something off-camera, are in a city park.
A woman is walking down the street holding an umbrella.
A man with white hair, a long trench coat and an umbrella walks past a parking meter.
A man in the foreground exercising on a weight machine and a woman in the background on a treadmill.
Student sit in a classroom as a teacher dressed in green lectures.
Two men are getting dressed, and one of them is fixing his tie.
A young man on a skateboard performing a trick atop a paved hill.
A boy is riding a dolly passed two 1950s cars.
A young girl in red pants plays in a water fountain area.
Two men playing horseshoes.
A young boy wearing a large hat reaches to catch a Frisbee.
A child riding down the street on a skateboard.
Two guys are sitting in a room together.
Woman and child enjoy the view from te lakeside.
A small boy in the bathtub spits water.
Two children in an enclosed dog bed with the dog.
A skier with a brown jacket does a trick in the snow.
People attending an event in a park.
A small child is hanging upside down from an adult's shoulder.
A man is performing with fire sticks before a crowd outside.
A passer by checking out what is under the covers of the cookers on the table.
A man in a white outfit is washing a tiled surface.
A worker with his face being hidden by steam from a stove.
A lady with black hair grilling shrimp.
A woman goes to play the ball in a game of beach volleyball, while spectators watch in the background.
A professional baseball game that includes The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
A smiling child is swinging on a swing.
A group of military aid troops are sitting down filling out paperwork in a room.
A young woman sits on a bench peeling shrimp over her plate while the boy sitting next to her takes a break from his meal.
A girl wearing a blue and pink bathing suit jumping into a pool.
A man in a green shirt enjoying a meal and drink.
Local children play tug-of-war in front of a crowd.
Three girls, wearing the same pink dress are standing on the beach and looking at the ocean.
A kid splashes in the ocean.
A group of people are swimming in a river or small body of water.
A man in front of bunches of bananas in a black jacket.
The woman holding up four fingers has the attention of the young man in the blue dress shirt.
People enjoying themselves at a party.
A man and women sip drinks in two leather chairs.
A young couple sitting in a black chair smiling.
A group of people are sitting on a sofa hugging each other.
People walk around in an area with blue seats and a large tv.
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in its mouth is humping over a man's back.
A young boy walking through the water with a net with waves behind him.
Some cars and many tents are set up at the foot of a mountain.
A black and white dog following behind some spotted geese.
A soccer team in yellow and black uniforms poses for a picture on the field.
A young smiling girl in a hat crouched in a field
A skilled surfer grabbing the tip of his board while the rides a wave.
A girl running with a basketball, while another tries to steal the ball from her.
A basketball player prepares to make a throw while his opponent defends.
A group of long-distance runners compete in a competition.
A large group of young ladies dressed in running shorts at a starting line for a race.
A lady using scissors to cut.
Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky.
Runners race through knee-deep water in a marathon.
Several males of varying ages holding on to a car, while on skateboards.
Downhill skaters wear padding to protect themselves when they fall.
A cat is watching the movement of a young girl who is playing with a toy airplane.
A handful of construction workers build a wall in a trench.
A lady running a relay race is running barefoot through some water.
Two women, one with red-hair, stand outside a store.
A man trims off excess salmon, so that it will fit comfortably onto a wooden grill plank.
A man in a white sweatshirt standing over an open grill.
The boy in the blue shorts is carrying a bucket on the beach.
Two kids wearing blue are ridding horses.
A group of people in blue and black band uniforms with light green or red plumes on their hats are walking through a crowd.
A group of people standing in a restaurant.
Three older ladies have finished their meals at a restaurant and are listening to somebody talk.
Two wrestlers are fighting, the wrestler in blue has the advantage.
A group of kids playing what looks like violins in a band class most likely in a school.
A person crawls through a snow tunnel.
A man is sitting down and he is surrounded by shoes.
A dark-haired girl colors with orange chalk on a pink desk.
Attractive young woman takes a moment to stop and smell the flower.
Boy wearing blue cookie monster shirt holding up a leaf from the fall.
A mustachioed man with a plaid shirt and cap plays an electric guitar while standing at a microphone.
A woman is sitting on a stool and playing a guitar with a smile on her face.
A football player is running with the ball and breaks a tackle by the defender on the way to the end zone.
A football player throws the ball as other football players look on.
Three children are playing with a ball on a wide expanse of grass.
Youth soccer game on a sunny day kids looking around
Two women and a man are singing into one microphone.
Bearded man wearing hat in front of an out of focus background.
A male and female hiker peer out over the mountains.
A horn player toots in front of a performing band.
Dirt bike racer in the air with one hand on the dirt bike and body in air.
Two basketball players jump in the air as one is about to make a slam dunk.
A black old woman with gray hair is holding onto a yellow flower.
Excited girls gather together at a volleyball match.
A red-haired lady wearing a blue apron is looking down at some papers.
A man is dressed in replica ninja garb.
A man in a black vest is playing a guitar and another man playing a guitar beside him.
Two young children play with colored balls.
A basketball game with player in black uniform about to score while surrounded by players in white.
Singer on stage attempts to get the crowd involved at a concert.
A group of people in their kayaks preparing to race.
A little girl gazing out the window of a subway.
A man wearing an orange shirt is running in a field.
A surfer being towed by a boat has hit a wave.
Three older men and one woman sitting at an outdoor coffee house against the stone wall.
Two classical dancers, a man and a woman, performing on stage.
At a skate park one man skateboards, one rides a scooter and 2 men record the skateboarder from below and above him.
A woman in fishnet stockings competes in a roller derby.
The black team is about to lose the championship against the blue team.
A construction worker on a grim day shoveling dirt.
An Asian woman is in a rice paddy with packing boxes.
Students are preparing for their band demonstration.
An elderly man plays a tambourine in a concert, with a trumpet on his lap.
The dog runs through the grass carrying a stick in its mouth.
A woman is running through a field in the rain.
Girl playing basketball in a high school gym.
Toyota Rally car plows through a deep puddle of mud on the race course.
A family is sitting in a hut.
The young men are playing a soccer game while the man in white is holding the man in blue.
There is smoke in front of a girl with glasses and lots of necklaces.
A middle-aged man in a beige vest is sleeping on a wooden bench.
Three people are seen on a beach during sunset, one is jumping.
A young girl with glasses and black necklace is blowing smoke in front of the camera.
A young male is standing in a street holding a backpack.
A man running through a field with a number 41 marked on him.
A team of boys are playing football.
Two girls are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phone and the other is looking on.
A man is standing upright on a motorcycle.
A standing crowd of people watches a musical performance on a lighted stage.
Ow, my head, you silly a-hole watch what you are doing next time.
Four men working at a craft venue with the sand and beach behind them.
A man in a blue shirt is running.
A low wave is forming in the ocean against a gray sky.
A girl wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach.
A man does a yoga pose using a tree for support in a rocky area.
A grandfather playing with his family on a playground.
A man wearing a jean jacket tuning an electric guitar.
A newly married couple cutting the cake.
Two performers, one man playing a guitar, and one woman with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chairs performing.
A man and women are kissing.
A man is upside down on an outside gymnastics bar.
A man in a red swimsuit dives into the ocean.
A woman with the number 697 on her shirt, is running in a marathon.
A pregnant lady singing on stage while holding a flag behind her.
Fireworks are going off, low to the ground, as people look on.
A newly married couple rejoicing among guest.
Two people are playing guitar, while a third is flaying the drums.
A little girl is walking a dog by the water.
A large group of competing cyclists are cycling down a road lined with trees.
The exhaustion in the woman's face while she continues to ride her bicycle in the competition.
Two men are wrestling without any shirts on while a judge or ref of some sort starts to interfere.
A lady in a pink dress is posing for a photo.
Four men are having fun on Jet Ski's.
A couple is dancing in a competition wearing pink attire.
A group of young men and women some holding drinks have fun in a bar setting.
People dancing in a room with a British flag hanging on the wall.
A man in a gray shirt takes two pies out of the oven.
People dancing at a party.
Two race horses run down the track with number four ahead of number five.
A man who is extreme biking down a trail.
A man with the number 5003 runs along a street during a race with a house and moss-covered wall in the background.
Two runners are neck and neck as motorists ride behind them.
In the pouring rain, a marathon runner smiles big as he approaches groups of bystanders, as the pace car drives along behind him.
A group of people stand and sit near a large flag while wearing traditional clothes.
A man on a bicycle rides past a park, with a group of people in the background.
A man with gray hair wearing a tan shirt is browsing a collectibles store.
Two women are posing on a stage with a darkened background, with their arms raised slightly.
A young girl in a white outfit and flip-flops is holding two cages
A young man in blue and one in burgundy are in a wrestling competition.
The bearded man in the trolley is applauding to his fans.
Musicians on a stage with green lights shining on them.
Workers are sorting fishing line.
Two people walking with hobo bags, one is a short female and the other is much taller and dressed like a clown.
A woman carrying bags walks through water as her dog follows.
A fashion model is posing for the camera wearing a revealing top.
Water polo swimmers competing for a loose ball.
A group of four men performing a tumbling act on a striped floor in a dark room.
Some older people are playing an ancient game.
An unfortunate accident occurred at a racetrack, where a horse stumbled and fell to the ground, taking the jockey down as well.
Woman looking at something in her hand.
A surfer in a blue wetsuit catches a wave while spectators watch in the foreground.
Man chiseling wood inside a building.
A cyclist wearing sunglasses and a silver bicycle helmet competing in a race.
Little girl in a green child carrier placed on the round.
Two hokey players go head-to-head as the ref frantically gets away.
Two soccer players fighting over possession of the soccer ball.
Three women playing volleyball and two are jumping to attempt to block a shot.
A young boy is petting a cat on an autumn road.
The man drums while using his earpiece to keep pace with the music.
A group of adults plays a board game at a table
Five people in walking in an alley near a rickshaw with a cat sleeping on it.
A guy with no shoes trying to get on his bike.
A man wearing a red and blue shirt rides a motorcycle pulling a trailer-load of equipment.
Two Miami Heat basketball players are having a funny conversation.
Little girl in pink bathing suit jumping through a sprinkler toy outside.
A child stands near a fence.
A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.
This man is doing a jump on a bike.
A professional tennis player returns a shot with a back hand from no man's land.
A man in a white shirt is playing tennis.
A kid wearing a red outfit and sandals in the bed of a dirty pickup truck.
A teenager doing tricks with his favorite bicycle.
Two young boys are in a wrestling match, on a mat.
A goalie is watching the action during a soccer game.
Two children, an older boy and a younger girl, are walking down a sidewalk wearing their winter coats.
A soccer player is attempting to score a goal.
A musician holding a guitar soulfully sings with his eyes closed.
Pilot stands next to cockpit of airplane with open door.
A man wearing a green outfit is carrying his bicycle in front of a Rouleur sign.
A man in red and yellow suit is riding his bike through the field.
A group of bicyclists travel past a fountain in a metropolitan area.
A young girl in white wearing a baseball mitt prepares to throw a green ball.
People partying in an auditorium and one girl is holding up an umbrella.
A person is parasailing over a body of water and wooded area.
A lady on a foreign beach holding a food tray.
Three people are singing and playing instruments on stage.
Two swimmers swim neck to neck in the freestyle in swimming lanes.
A woman is looking out into the horizon while standing near the water shore.
Fast fingers fly upon the lively keys belonging to this true to sound Yamaha keyboard.
A Native American pow wow is being demonstrated to onlookers.
A man in a brown coat and pants stands on a crowded street holding a blue sign about God.
A group of people in white shirts are jogging.
A man on skis is performing a stunt at an event with many people in the background.
Some dancer in very colorful costumes doing a performance in a busy area.
The photo is of a woman in a police uniform riding a horse.
A man sits alone while he puts on his makeup.
A man wearing a black and white checkered jacket and white paint around his eyes reaches toward the camera.
A little girl sits in a grassy field with a doll at her side.
A lady in a pink shirt running on a sunny day.
People are strolling around a market.
A male saxophone player belts out a song in the dim light of a local establishment.
A little boy playing with some sort of pipe.
A man in a red shirt is straddling the back end of his bike in midair by a tree.
A young woman in a blue wrap around scarf sitting in a museum.
A little girl in a blue dress climbing on some old wood.
These woman are trying out for a dance.
Three guys in uniform are teaching nine kids to rightfully walk with spear holding.
A girl in ping and a boy in blue walk through a forest trail.
A man is sitting on a stoop in front of a door next to an icon.
The hockey teams take center ice to face off for control of the puck.
Men playing a sports game with two men in white on top of a man in black.
Four people are leaning against a fence, looking at a hill.
3 players in a football field playing, one belong to one team and 2 in another.
A man with glasses smokes a cigarette.
A baseball player sliding into a base while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball.
A baseball player sliding to catch a ground ball.
Two players from the New York Yankees are hugging while the players around them cheer.
Two baseball players in striped uniforms are hugging.
Three children are all smiles as they stand behind bars and pose for the camera.
A young man raises his skateboard at the crest of a skating ramp.
Man wearing sandals leaning against a tree, with other people in the background.
A young man on a bicycling is jumping up the stairs on his bike.
Two girls in white dresses stand on a cobbled road next to a carriage and two brown horses.
Old bald man with a beard sitting down playing the flute.
A guitarist and drummer are in the middle of a live performance.
The Petronas racing car and driver driving down a racetrack.
A man on a bicycle is falling off of it and over a short ledge.
An orchestra performing for an audience.
A Caucasian woman, wearing a black and orange dress, is standing in front of a music stand.
A synchronized swim team, performing a routine at a competition.
A person riding their bicycle up a dirt mound while two other people are in the background watching.
An older man uses a mountain bike on a trail.
A child with a rubber noodle is coached by two men wearing rubber clown noses.
A man surfing in the ocean.
A few people are waiting in a subway station, with an arriving car in the distance.
A surfer rides a wave on a large surfboard.
A BMX dirt rider gets extremely high in the air while looking downward at his descent.
A young girl in a karate competition.
Someone in a helmet doing a jump on a bike over a large mound of dirt.
This lady is practicing her high jump on her new bicycle.
A worker is being scolded by her boss in a stern lecture.
Several men are playing soccer professionally outdoors
Two soccer teams, one team is wearing green and white, while the other team is wearing black, red, and white.
A person with a red shirt, khaki pants, and a hat climb a mountainside.
Two man in their 60s playing checkers at the park
Two dogs fight over a ball that's in a puddle.
Male soccer players from two teams walk on a soccer field with fans in the stadium seats watching.
A soccer game or a football game
A football player jumps over fallen players to continue his run.
A football player 94 tackles an opponent.
In a football match, a Panthers player falls forward into a somersault while gripping the football.
A man riding a dirt bike takes a turn on a large dirt covered course.
Monster truck flies over grassy knolls on a sunny afternoon.
A large group of people in red uniforms are playing in a band.
A middle-aged man with a broken left arm wearing a suit, who is walking by a couple of women on a sidewalk.
A woman wearing a red blouse and a short is standing looking far ahead
A baby in a green shirt is holding onto a shoulder.
A blond woman on a playing field holds her polo stick at the ready.
A girl in red shorts walks down a street, passing by a building with many green plants on the walls.
The Climber trying to climb the big rock
Three football players and a referee squatting during a game, while adults watch in lawn chairs from the sidelines.
A young football player watches a game with his coach.
A man in black pants and a blue jacket watches a woman sitting on a hardwood floor in a brown jacket watch six TVs of varying sizes.
Somebody is riding a bike in a bike race.
A shot of bicyclists in a race with the background blurred by their speed.
A group of football players try to tackle another player.
Two people sit on a bench leaned against a building with writing on it.
A group of man are sitting outside playing music.
An asian table tennis player is eagerly watching and waiting for his opponent serves the ball.
A man riding a bicycle during a race with crowds cheering him on
There is a bicycle showdown as many bikers race in a paved road as the onlookers watch.
Two baseball players trying to catch a ball in the outfield.
Many hockey players are bunched up around the goal, the goalie is in a crouched position and one player wearing a red and white jersey appears to be celebrating.
A guy in racing gear gets air while riding a yellow ATV.
Two guys in bright blue t-shirts and shorts with white lettering and sport stripes appear to be running and actively engaged in a game.
A man playing golf with his hands in the air.
A man wearing orange and blue has just hit a golf ball, as a group in similar uniforms look on.
An orange shirted, male golfer, has just completed a swing in front of a large crowd.
Two woman talk behind a bar with bottles and glasses in the background.
Cheerleaders wearing white hold silver and blue pompoms as they wait.
Two bikers a riding along a street in a marathon as the passersby clap for them.
A very young child next to a vending machine
A woman dressed in pink is in a stance with one leg off the ground and one arm in the air.
A man in blue cap and jacket looks frustrated.
Two girls, on in red and black, the other in blue and yellow, play soccer.
Women in roller derby are in the middle of a bout.
A defensive football player from Wisconsin almost sacking the UTEP quarterback before he got rid of the ball.
BMX racers riding down a steep hill on a race course.
A woman sits in a market stall with three large trays of produce in front of her.
Women in a hat a making selling goods.
An Asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan.
Young fans raise their hands while listening to a female entertainer.
A motorcyclist speeds down a racing course, with no other riders in sight.
Two young children look at the sidewalk that they stand on
Two people are on a rock overlooking the ocean
2 men washing the deck of a boat with a hose.
An older man wearing gloves is sitting at a party near two women dressed in evening attire.
The racer zooms past the wooded area leaving a cloud of dust.
Players from a girl's volleyball team are huddling on the volleyball court.
A woman with blond-hair wearing a red, white, and blue cheerleading outfit holds white t-shirt to pass out.
A shirtless man wearing a cross necklace walks away from a brown brick building, with a chainsaw in the background.
A man and woman at a produce stand.
A baseball player wearing a white and red uniform is readying himself to bat during an evening baseball game.
A blond, female soccer player prepares to kick the soccer ball.
A cyclist in red and black racing gear with an aerodynamic helmet is going down a road.
A cyclist rides down the road closely followed by a car.
A man, holding a pool stick, playing pool in a dimly lit room.
A child in an orange outfit stands holding flowers.
On a beautiful sunny day, this young man is performing the sport called waterskiing.
Six men in a large canoe-type boat on calm waters.
A bearded man, dressed in jeans and a jacket, is preparing to play a flute instrument on the sidewalk.
A person wearing red and black leathers riding a motorcycle.
Two motorcycle racers, in full gear, are turning a tight corner on a track.
A male surfer on a white surfboard rides a wave.
An ATV rider, speeds around a corner, while sliding and kicking up dirt-still focused on the trail ahead.
ATV racer leans into the corner to maintain his balance
A football player attempts to run around an on coming tackler from the other team.
A family is praying to an ornate statue.
A young boy is sleeping on a blue and green striped pillow at night.
A young girl holding a boogie board at the beach
Three young boys playing hear no evil, speak no evil, see no evil
Two men in red shirts race on bicycles, while others watch.
A boy plays in a pool with an inflatable toy.
A live performance of two artists.
A young girl swings on a swing set in front of grass and trees.
A female dentist with an elderly male patient.
Picture of 2 bikers, racing back to back, probably in motor cross competition.
A man is weightlifting with a kettlebell in a gym.
A man in a white shirt is performing a high kick with his right leg.
Customers look at products during an open air market of fruit and vegetables.
Regal horse and white carriage scene with female driver and two blond little flower girls dressed in white.
This is an athlete on a bicycle during a race.
People cheer on football teams at a football game in a stadium.
A group of people inside a stadium watch a sporting event.
A crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white, yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below.
Three men are standing on a platform.
A teenager jumps his bicycle over a ramp in front of a cream-colored apartment building.
Girl in red shirt blowing a bubble
A man in a blue and black wetsuit sailing in a blue ocean.
An asian man on a brick street tending to food on the ground.
A baseball pitcher has just pitched the ball in a full stadium, there is a crowd of fans wearing teal.
A man is swinging a strike in a baseball game.
Two teams play a game of football; the yellow helmet team has possession of the ball and is advancing.
A group of kids playing football wall their parents watch.
Two young ladies affectionately hugging each other with their faces touching, as they smile at each other.
A guy riding a gnarly five foot wave all the way to the shore
A surfer in a black wetsuit rides the waves with the shore in the distance.
Six mature Asian men Smiling to the camera in their seats.
A dirt bike racer rides number 63 across a dirt path in the woods.
Someone is riding a bright green dirt bike through the grass.
A woman picking up a couple plates of food from the table.
Two men playing soccer on a field.
2 men are dressed in yellow and wearing scarves to conceal their identity, one of them is levitating over the top of the other one while people watch in an busy outdoor shopping center.
A group of bicyclists are competing in a race.
A group of 7 young people at the beach jump in the air throwing their shoes.
Jackie Chan speaks to women at an Olympic event.
A man in a white suit on a stage interacts with a small crowd of people wanting autographs.
Mother and daughter posing for a photo after winning an award
A men's track meet with eight competitors, every other runner wearing orange.
This is a young football player in mid run.
Man with long pole that has a basket of fire on the tip outside in front of two elephants.
Cheerleaders arrange themselves into a human pyramid.
A man and a little girl shaking hands on the game field.
Two teams are competing at wheelchair basketball while seated in specialty chairs.
A skier in blue pants and red snow goggles heads backwards down the slope.
A group of young males play soccer.
A woman in a red dress is signing while a man in a suit is playing the saxophone.
Football players in the middle of a game.
There are two football players, one wearing a blue and yellow uniform holds the ball, and the other wears a white uniform.
Man and a child in gray pajamas playing with a model car track.
A man and woman sit at the end of a small dock along the water.
A couple standing on the deck of a boat watching the water.
A rodeo bull rider and a helper have more than they can handle in an outdoor rodeo show.
A man in a blue shirt is looking at rocks and trees.
Two men are kayaking in yellow kayaks in a race.
Two men in jerseys race in a track and field athletic event.
A man is sitting in a folding chair at a car shop while others look at cars in the background.
A car race is taking place on a track.
Para-Olympians representing South Africa in track and field celebrate after a race.
A bright red race car is speeding past.
The men are playing instruments and pointing at the audience.
A little girl tying a little boy's shoe in the street.
Female ballerina doing a pose up on her toes of foot in a large room with a red floor.
Excited bystanders in London cheer for the road runner.
A person walking on a trail with a red shirt and blue hat on.
A male is wearing a black t-shirt while playing a bass guitar in a concert.
An Asian woman rings stands over the kitchen sink doing dishes.
Three uniquely dressed women dancing in a parade.
A group of women in highly decorate attire and silver high heels are walking down a street.
A professional wheelchair race with a clear leader in lane 6.
The athlete in lane 5, records a dominate win at the 2012 paralympics.
Two people are running in a competition on a track.
A group of young blond children, one carrying a rifle, poses in front of a house.
Two artist spray painting a mural on a concrete wall
A musical performer in a black dress praises her crowd as red lights flash and her band plays.
An umpire getting ready to make a close call in a baseball game.
Two teams, one in blue and once in white, are tackling each other to get control of the ball in this sports game.
A man singing on a microphone wearing a pink shirt.
Two people participating in a fencing activity are being watched by a third person sitting on bleachers.
Two fences in full gear are practicing sparring.
A group of people are outside playing basketball while the sun sets in the background.
A male skateboarder performs a stunt over a bicycle rake.
People are playing water polo and the ball is close to the goalie.
Three young boys playing with tires, with adult close by.
A man in a bicycle throws his hands up in victory as he crosses the finish line.
A cyclist is rounding a corner on a wet road.
A red car is parked next to a black bull in a grassy field.
A person driving a go-kart turning to his or her left.
A woman with a pink uniform is standing on a volleyball court.
A child, in a blue raincoat, rides a bicycle on a blacktop road.
Person in a red diving suit suspended from a helicopter.
A woman goes over some material in a book with a teen.
A German Shepherd dog following another German Shepherd who has a stick in its mouth.
A girl is dressed in a wild outfit dancing.
One of the members of KISS playing a white electric guitar in front of a black background.
Man surfing on a wave in the ocean
Five men are siting on a picnic table with a forest in the background.
A man fishes on a bridge.
A man in blue, and a woman in white, are dancing with another couple dancing in the background.
Three people are using Washington Mutual ATM machines.
A woman in a cowgirl hat is kneeling on a horse's saddle while holding her hand over her heart.
Young girl walking across the sand in a blue dress carrying her shoes
Quarterback Tim Tebow is throwing a pass as his team guards against the opposing team.
A young person doing a high-flying bike trick with his or her arms out.
A little girl in a highchair has food all over her lower face and her finger in her mouth.
Young man skating while a crowd looks on, in an amusement park.
A black man in a blue shirt hold his baby in a blue wrap.
A boy enjoying the sun, as the people in the back enjoy the ocean.
A man in ornate tribal attire sings against a feathery orange background.
A young lady sitting on a rock in the middle of a lake.
Two runners, one black and one white, are on the track running very close in competition.
A soccer player jumping over the defender.
A man is playing a hand drum on his last with other people in a band.
A man play an instrument surrounded my other men.
A man that has removed his shoes to kneel on a mat.
A man is going for a rebound in an outdoor game of basketball.
A man is jumping with the ball in hand during a pick up basketball game.
A race car making a quick turn in a wooded area.
A team of race car drivers in a Ford emblazoned with Mayores negotiates a turn on a gravel road.
A man singing and playing drums with his back-up group.
A matador teasing an injured bull with his red cape in a tournament.
Two small children walking through tall grass in the woods.
Two women and two boys dressed in pink stand outside a shop selling brightly colored clothing.
A badminton player from china is sprawled out on the badminton court with his racket close by.
A tennis player is competing in the London 2012 Olympics and is leaping off the ground while swinging the racket.
A male athlete in red and yellow is diving toward a badminton birdie.
A man looking very fatigued on the side of a cliff ready to climb to the top.
A person scales the rock while another focuses on equipment.
Three track runners are in the process of crossing the finish line during an Olympic type sporting event.
It is two track runners that just got done running a track race.
Three amputees in wheelchairs racing competitively on a track.
There is a small child, wearing a yellow life jacket, carrying a flotation device, on the beach.
Car number 14 has thrown up a lot of dirt behind it.
A woman in a bicycle race is watched by a crowd.
A group of people are watching a band play music while one lady tries to take a picture of them.
A performance artist suspended upside down from red ribbons.
A young woman wearing tan pants is touching her shoe.
1 man riding a bike through the country.
A woman with a heart tattoo on her calf is riding her bike past a cornfield.
A girl is on the sidewalk looking at a white van in the street.
Four paddlers wearing orange and white jerseys row furiously as the seated audience watches the race.
Two people racing on a BMX track.
A small child wearing steamed goggles, leans against a green floating device while resting in water.
An Asian women is practicing martial arts in a pink uniform.
The girl dressed in pink is bowing down on one knee.
A woman enjoying the breeze of a primitive fan.
Beautiful little girl holding up her hat with one finger is getting her picture taken out in a gorgeous field.
A woman sings while a man plays the bongo's.
Three people stand outside a fast food joint with their drinks.
A white guy in black biking gear is riding through the forest.
One helmeted man on a mountain bike is coming down a steep, rocky path.
A baseball pitcher follows through his through.
Two teams are competing against each other on a field in a game of soccer.
A couple takes in the view at the water at dusk.
A surfer digs his board deep in the water to cut the wave he is riding.
A man is performing in the street playing two instruments at the same time.
The rock climber stands precariously on the face of a huge rock and adjusts his gear.
A rock climber admiring the beautiful scene of a snowcapped mountaintop.
Well above the mountains timberline, this young woman seems to be safely equipped for scaling the sheer mountain wall.
Dirt biker on a professional riding course near an airport, composed of dirt.
Three people are riding motocross bikes along a dirt path.
A little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds.
A woman wearing a pink shirt and yellow helmet paddles around in a pink kayak.
Two football players chase the ball in packed stadium in a contest between the United States and Canada.
Two green shirted soccer players attempt to secure the soccer ball from a player dressed in white.
Dark-skinned native men play chess while seated on the ground.
The young boy in the red and blue outfit is poised in midair.
A man in a green and white shirt and khakis skateboarding near sunset.
The girl in red is taking her turn in the Monopoly game.
A child in a vest and hat is posing for a picture.
A person on a surfboard with a paddle in a lake while two other people follow close behind in a boat.
A group of athlete running in a race.
Teenage girls from different high schools compete in a race on a well-maintained field.
A man tries to keep balance while surfing
A man with gray hair is sitting at a table.
Two teams of hockey players playing a game.
Two young men are performing a modern dance routine.
Three girls performing a routine on stage.
Several young people, including a young woman in a green and pink dress, sing and dance.
Crowd outside at night walking to their destination.
An older man in a gray sweater and blue pants is shaping something in a forge on an anvil.
A woman is loading the dishwasher in the evening after dinner.
A woman and man are opening a mixer box.
Foursome plays a board or card game seated at a table.
A man wearing an orange jersey and a woman wearing brown are playing a board game.
A woman on a gray and white horse is jumping over an obstacle.
A closeup shot of a guitar player on his knees with the rest of the band behind him.
A man preparing to bat in a baseball game.
People in blue uniforms stand on the street as observers watch from the sidewalk.
A man in an orange kayak paddles through splashing water.
A lone person is surfing a medium-sized wave.
A woman on a stage faces a packed audience of people.
A hiker jogs down a rocky road while blue skies and mountains cross the horizon.
A vibrant tracker hikes through a scenic trail.
A young child sits on a rug and plays with a wooden puzzle game.
A man is riding a dirt bike with the number 3 on it.
A young woman does an acrobatic move on one hand, in an empty pool.
A girl holding her leg up by her side.
A man in a hockey uniform covered in advertisements guiding a puck down the rink.
Worlds first, and only Middle Eastern skateboard enthusiast.
Two men with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather.
The Olympics running event shoot from far away to show the massive crowd.
An Olympic athlete is navigating a slalom course in a kayak, carefully maneuvering around two striped poles.
Two people fencing at the 2012 London Olympics.
Large brown dog playing with a white soccer ball in the grass.
Several people with head shawls on in a crowded busy market.
Two woman with headdress talking in the foreground with two men in a different kind of headdress in the background.
A man sits as a man behind him washes a bus.
Two women in long, wool skirts are surrounded by goats outside on a farm.
A BMX rider in the middle of a jump as the crowd below watches.
An African American singer performs on stage with a piano and several microphones in the background.
A male badminton player reaching to backhand the shuttlecock at an Olympic event.
An Olympic cyclist with the number 9 from Espania riding down a dirt path.
A couple with their eyes closed dances as people watch.
A bicycle race, with bicycle riders dressed in multicolor uniforms, with a man recording it.
Two bicyclists in spandex and helmets in a race pedaling uphill.
Two bikers, one in black and the other with a red shirt ride down a street.
Two white women playing tennis in front of a large crowd.
Two men, one with goggles, are swimming next to each other.
He's running his heart out for the love of his life.
A man in yellow shorts is leaping in the air to catch a frisbee.
Opposing players challenge each other in a game of ultimate frisbee.
A person is cutting vegetables on a cutting board in a kitchen.
Two young girls pet a small horse.
Stevie Wonder is performing on stage at one of his many wonderful concerts.
Mother holding newborn infant between her grandparents while sitting on a couch.
A lady with long brown hair is wearing a tan sweater and is sitting on a couch with a man.
A man wearing gray plays pool in a bar.
Two men; one with a red shirt and solid red ball, and the other with a black shirt and a purple striped ball, getting ready to take a pool shot on a pool table.
A white guy with sunglasses is singing with a microphone.
Several workers trudging down a dimly lit subway tunnel.
A woman serving a tennis ball.
Two males and a female are sitting at a table at a bar and two are drinking beer.
Boy in a float ring in an indoor pool looking at the camera.
Two construction workers leaning against the guard rail of a construction site.
Two woman playing a game of basketball.
Several people are working together in a wooded area.
One girl, wearing a watch, fixing the hair of another girl.
Black and white photo of a girl with short shorts running in the rain with a hoodie on.
A gold medalist is celebrating his win next to his teammate with cameras surrounding him.
A volleyball player's sunglasses show the reflection of the volleyball that is in front of her face.
A group travels on the back of camels.
Two people competing in a bicycle race pass on the roadway.
Three men push water off of a baseball field.
Three women in red on the Russian basketball team going after the basketball.
Young boy sitting on a red saddle on a horse.
A black man in a blue shirt plays a drum with his hands.
Racer riding a motorcycle with the racetrack in the background.
A man in jeans and a dark t-shirt is working on a train with an oil pot.
A lacrosse player tumbles in mid-game while others approach.
There is a woman in a blue dress in this picture who appears to be traveling and waiting for a subway to arrive.
A baseball player swings his bat to hit a baseball.
A man in a black uniform, covered in mud, tugs on the purple uniform of another rugby player.
Two sports teams competing against each other.
An airman hugs a young girl while on the runway.
The man is aiming in on his target.
A man in green is setting the ball during a pro volleyball game.
The man leaps above the other team to spike the ball.
Two guys stop to take a picture while holding a flag.
A graceful basketball player stands at the two point line as she throws the ball.
All the people in the park are trying to make themselves comfortable to enjoy the program set for them.
A gentlemen is giving a presentation via powerpoint.
A young person is coloring and drawing on the sidewalk with pink chalk.
The base runner attempts to make it safely to the bag.
Three children watch amphibians in an aquarium while taking photos and eating popsicles.
A person with a red jacket and crosscountry skis is walking up a mountain.
A young child holding a Rawlings football in the middle of a grassy field.
The man in orange just released his arrow.
A woman from France prepares to shoot her bow and arrow with a woman from the United States behind her.
A person is walking in the ocean waves.
A man frolics in the golden surf along a beach at sunset.
A man is skim boarding on the shore.
There is an African American man playing saxophone in an outdoor setting.
A girl with a giant bucket of flowers.
An athlete sprints down a runway in preparation for hurling a javelin in track and field.
A white dog is jumping up at a jet of water.
A child in the middle of a city courtyard in front of some stairs is flying his kite.
Someone, wearing a flag as a cape, is carrying 6 beers.
A flaming red-haired middle-aged woman with pale skin is standing in front of a brick wall.
At a table with her colleagues, a woman in a U.S. Army uniform fills in a chart.
They are two people wearing sunglasses and a helmets standing behind a big gun.
A young man carefully prepares to take a pool shot
A volleyball player wearing a blue bikini is preparing to spike the ball.
Two woman play volleyball at the beach.
A young girl with gunk on her face sits on a sink while making faces in the mirror.
A group of teams competing in loggers sports in British Columbia.
A female runner with sunglasses and green with white athletic clothes is running.
A female athlete with the number 43 on her calf runs.
A rally car bears down on the camera while kicking up a plume of dust.
Two men singing in a dark club.
A surfer rides his surfboard at the start of a wave.
Four female athletes play beach volleyball at the London 2012 Olympics.
Four women in swimsuits playing volleyball on a beach with cameramen recording in the background.
This is a group of women playing volleyball in sports bikinis.
A man with a number one on his dirt-bike rides around the track.
A group of archaeologists examining a dig site.
Player in light gray uniform reaches head first for baseball plate while catcher in yellow top reaches arm to tag him.
A child jumps over ocean waves at a beach.
Onlookers are praying that the cowboy does not fall off the bull in the rodeo.
A man is parasailing with mountains in the background.
Two little girls on a stone path holding stuffed animals.
A pitcher in red uniform is shown after throwing the baseball.
Three girls are outside in a sandy area playing volleyball while a seated woman in the background photographs them.
A girl in the VolleyBall challenge, at the 2012 London Olympics.
On an overcast day, two young girls, laugh and play along the wet sands of a beach.
LeBron James, playing for Team USA, is attempting a layup from underneath the basket.
Two women are sitting beside one another, one holding a baby and the other holding a small dog.
A man reaches across another while playing a sport outside.
Two white males playing squash or something with a small ball and a each have a paddle.
A cowboy is roping a calf in a rodeo.
A man is riding a bucking horse in a rodeo arena.
A man in a black hat playing an accordion.
Four people are sitting on a rock out in a body of water.
Five young lady getting ready to run the 100m dash
A runner in green shoes takes the lead in a race against a runner in red shorts.
Athletes running in a race.
A female athlete is using a throwing device for a sport.
Six men are running a race during the 2012 London Olympics.
Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain.
A goalie diving for a soccer ball on a soccer field while the kicker watches.
A film crew documents a female track-and-field athlete in the act of throwing a javelin.
Runners running down a track during a race.
Two men are jumping over hurdles on a red track while other people are watching and photographing them.
A athlete runs across the racing lanes on a track.
A martial art tournament in session while there are referees in the sidelines keeping watch.
Two women engaged in a martial arts match before a crowd.
A little girl wearing a white sweater, seated in front of a colorful cake, she laughs with an upward gaze.
A bald man in a blue shirt spray paints graffiti on a wall
A person is driving a red and black race car.
One basketball player wearing a white jersey trying to pass the basketball into bounds while the other team blocks him.
A barefoot woman, clad in colorful clothing, stands in front of tree.
The wrestler had the advantage over his Canadian opponent.
A woman in a red jersey is playing basketball.
A young girl waves to the camera while riding a ferris wheel.
A man on a surfboard is surfing, while a large wave is crashing.
Men in black and blue run in the background as soldier do push ups in the foreground.
Two fencers, one Korean and one American, in an epee bout.
Three brightly colored cars are racing around a track.
Two cars round a lap in a professional race.
Several men wearing different colors are having a bike rally.
A group of bike riders are riding in an athletic event.
Janitor cleans off diving board with broom at night.
A woman wearing an apron and plastic gloves is lifting the lid off of a baked good.
Two young boys are playing in the sand near the ocean.
Two people in white outfits are having a fencing match.
A fencing match between Russia and Italy.
Two people dressed in fencing gear are sword fighting.
This man just got done shooting his gun.
Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.
Two girls teams are playing volleyball.
Two teams of women, one wearing blue and red the other wearing red and white, playing volleyball.
Two female volleyball teams are competing in a volleyball game with spectators in the background.
A man who is wearing the same colors as the bike is riding down the street.
A group of three indigenous women rest in the shade while their children peek out of a doorway.
Three men, one wearing a hat and two who are not, are kneeling on the ground digging in the dirt surrounding a cement platform.
An older man sits on the rocks and looks on as the younger man investigates what is in the water.
LeBron James passes a basketball while wearing a USA Jersey while 4 opponents stand nearby.
A jockey, atop their horse, is in mid jump in an equestrian competition.
A dog with white fur is moving through deep murky water.
People gathering for the Delwood Neighborhood annual 4th of July celebration.
Two patriotic women in the back of a classic convertible ride along in a small parade.
Woman posing in her booth during the London 2012 olympics
Fatigued road biker pushing towards the finish line being cheered on.
A sweaty drummer is beating on his drums.
Female tennis player in green shorts and red shirt serving on a grass court at 126 kilometers per hour.
A man lifting a large weight and screaming.
A man wearing a uniform and red glasses holds a rifle.
A crowd of various people walking through a marketplace.
Two Argentina basketball players, one incredibly happy, and the other a little frustrated, with their coach clapping for one of the players and a female manager walking off the court smiling.
Five boys in blue shirts drawing at a table.
A modern sport archer draws back an arrow, taking aim.
An African American man wearing navy blue and red is shooting a basketball.
Two women and a young man digging up dirt and putting it in a wheelbarrow.
Person wearing a blue shirt and black helmet in a kayak in turbulent water.
A man in a red and black life vest kayaks down a rapids.
A few soccer players intently watch the ball and goalie.
In an area with 2 army planes, 2 men, one in uniform and one in heavy clothing, train a black and brown dog.
One Asian cook watches another cook on a griddle in a commercial kitchen.
Three bicyclists racing down a busy street in the rain, with a red BMW and a motorcycle approaching from behind.
A young child is standing on a hill above a small impoverished village
Careful hair care product application with gloved workers.
A mounted, uniformed officer and his dog walking on a beach.
The oakland athletics player trying to turn a double play as the Orioles base runner attempts to break it up.
Chairs have been placed in front of a building.
A young asian female plays on her cellphone with her back to her family and meal.
A young flower girl and ring bearer await their cue to walk down the aisle.
A lacrosse game features two players in blue and orange playing for a goal.
A basketball player from team USA dunks the ball!
Five men in red shirts, in a line, on a basketball court, four with hands on their hearts, and same four looking upward.
A group of bikers head out the gates in a London 2012 bike race.
Three guys in blue and gold enjoying a game.
A young lady is getting ready to sing into a microphone.
Two martial artists are competing against one another on the mat while in the background people record this and take pictures.
Two cyclists racing to the finish line.
A man in a red shirt and jeans is dancing with a woman in a blue and white dress in the street.
A lady with a yellow blouse and glasses at a desk with a laptop computer.
A skateboarder who is wearing a red shirt and knee pads is skating on a steep ramp.
A man on a motor cross bike jumping a dirt mound.
Two girls are competing and one wearing blue is on the floor while the one wearing white is on top of her.
A group of swimmers jump into a pool.
A group of team Great Britain cyclists, try to pedal their way into victory.
Two children playing on a metal slide.
Two men, both in red shirts, one in midair while they are playing basketball.
A man carrying an Olympic torch with a brick building in the background.
The baseball game is being played on a cool semi cloudy night.
A young man soars through the air on a surfboard.
Six hockey players, three white and three blue, skate around the white team's goal.
A hockey player in a blue shirt scoring a goal against a team in white shirts.
A lady in an orange dress rides a ride at the fair.
A man lining up a shot in snooker.
Trucks surrounding workers in the middle of a street.
Two children and a man on a boulder.
A man in a blue hard hat and orange shirt is fixing the siding of a road.
The gentlemen are on the boat deck relaxing.
Young women enjoying the view from the bridge at local festival.
People riding in a Cyclothon in biking suits and professional helmets.
A horse and jockey in the middle of a horse race.
The man in red is propelling down the waterfall.
A soccer game is underway between the red and green team, and the blue team.
A group of bicyclists ride down the race route while the crowd looks on.
Many people ride bicycles in helmets as fans spectate and cheer them on.
A woman is throwing champagne onto a group of people.
A woman in a suit is standing at a podium while speaking.
Two bicyclist riding their bikes outside on a track.
Closeup of a cyclist wearing yellow and riding in front of a crowd sitting behind a red sign.
A man wearing a white shirt is skateboarding downhill on a road.
A woman wearing red leggings and a white shirt hangs upside down from a metal structure.
Two men stand conversing in front of a British Airways airplane.
One young woman in a blue uniform helping another young woman in a blue sweatshirt with a white band around her arm.
Sea coastguards are in the blue waters again always ready to save lives.
A focused man wearing black leads the pack in this bike race.
Bicyclists racing in a marathon with spectators viewing.
Cyclists are focused straight ahead as they ride along a street with onlookers watching from behind barricades.
A crowd watches two women cycle down the street.
This group of young people is sitting on the floor.
A man in a white shirt dunks a basketball when a small crowd looks on.
Three men works dressed in orange and green uniforms sit under a tree for a well deserved break.
An Asian woman with a red umbrella walks through a crowded marketplace.
A rock and roll concert ensues as a guitarist steals the spotlight.
A waterskier is waving at the camera happily.
Two guys with blue vests seated in inflated boats named crushers that are on the open ocean.
A man parasailing in rough waters.
A bald man in white sunglasses and a green shirt rides a comically small yellow bike.
A polo player cradles a ball while riding a horse.
A small dog with a red ribbon on its head walks through the grass.
Two polo players riding horses play polo.
A woman in a 3rd world country using a saw to cut through a steel bar.
A street worker driving a machine to level the wet concrete.
A pause in a speech at the Baseball Hall of Fame caused by, what appears to be, an emotional moment.
An asian woman is waving and leaning out of a trolley.
A cowboy is tipping his hat with two other rodeo cowboys, one in a pink shirt, another in a white shirt, both horseback, in action, in the middle of a rodeo arena.
Three men examining clothing in a clothing shop.
A woman in a green shirt reads a Dr. Seuss book to three children.
A child naps on a rock in the middle of a steam.
Two men, one wearing white trunks and the other wearing red boxing.
Man digging a shiny object out of sand while others watch.
Two men are bike racing, and the man in front is looking behind at the other rider.
A long line waits eagerly to get into a closed tent.
A baseball player in a gray uniform has just swung his baseball bat at home plate on a baseball field.
Three males perform acrobatic maneuvers on a beach while spectators look on and take pictures.
A woman, wearing a dress, while sitting down playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone.
These are three people picking crops from a field.
A young man in a white hat is playing golf with an older man wearing a blue, long-sleeved shirt and khakis.
A sportswoman in a red, white, and blue shirt finishes with a swing.
A black man in a gray sweatshirt and jeans is playing on a guitar.
A little boy swimming in a pool with a mask on.
One man and a woman sitting on a table in a restaurant eating dinner
There are three ladies dress in blue stand cheering.
A woman in a gray and blue shirt smiles as she unwraps and cuts into a calzone.
Kids playing soccer on a sunny day.
Young kids playing soccer on a lush, green field.
Two construction workers are welding a metal structure.
Multiple people are walking by a human statue, who is painted in varying shades of gold.
The man in the blue shirt is working on the light.
A bike rider is airborne off a jump while another kid on a bike looks on.
A man with no shirt works on a conveyor belt.
An older man with a long gray beard sits on a flatbed.
A woman is pouring drinks at an event.
A band is playing on what looks like a sidewalk rather than a stage.
There are two people participating in a horseback game.
A person is flying through the air on a bicycle after leaving a dirt jump.
Man sitting on the ground with his child and a stroller
A man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways.
A girl goes down a yellow slide into a pool.
A batter is getting ready to hit the ball coming at him.
A man wearing a mask plays music by the side of a road.
A professionally dressed man is sitting on the subway looking at his cellphone.
A man preparing his net for fishing.
An older man is working on a fishing net.
A man is holding up a foreign newspaper and looking at the camera.
Two people riding horses in a competition with other people on horses in the background.
The people are riding on horses.
Two people, one is riding a white horse and the other is riding a brown horse.
A cheerleading squad performing for a crowd at a sporting event.
A gathering of women wearing white and pink in a public square raising their arms.
A fireman in uniform with a mustache and goatee by his firetruck.
One man grasps a frisbee while another one tries to get it from him in midair.
A man on a motorcycle is riding past utility poles and old dismantled cars
Three young girls are walking hand in hand in a crowd of people.
Two men making funny faces while they drink alcohol.
A man in a straw hat and another man in a striped shirt who are both drinking from cups and making funny faces.
Two drunk friends drink another drink with angry faces.
Two men are shown drinking beer while sitting in folding chairs.
Two men drinking beer in a bar.
A little boy walks around with a white t-shirt and black shorts outside.
Two beautiful green flower pots sitting outside.
A man in a blue hat is sculpting a piece of ice.
Some boys are playing basketball on a court.
A lady standing on the sidewalk with images on the wall.
A little girl is sliding down a tunnel smiling.
A little girl in a yellow t-shirt sits on a sandy beach playing with her green shovel.
A little girl playing on the beach building a sand castle.
In a city in front of a subway, a man skateboards down a stairway as two older ladies sitting on a bench watch him.
A man is lifting a woman in a ballet performance.
Two ballet dancers, one wearing white and one wearing green, dancing on a stage.
Men are playing basketball in front of a large crowd.
A group of people cleaning some kins of sea animal.
A little girl in a red rain hat is playing in the mud with several adults.
A woman sits on a piece of art furniture.
A group of tanned people at a stand with vegetables.
A blond-haired girl wearing a beanie blowing bubbles in a garden.
A boy is swimming breaststroke at a swim meet.
A man wearing swimming trunks is jumping off a large rock into a body of water.
Man in yellow shirt is holding a microphone.
A crowd leans against barriers along side a road while a police officer on a motorcycle drives by.
A female spins in a white dress.
A young man in a gray hoodie and a flower on his head striking a pose after a meal.
Guy does rollerblading and loves it
A shirtless man is scooping away sand with a pink scoop while a little girl watches.
Man shaving another man's face with a straight blade razor.
A family of three bask in the sun in a park.
Young girl carries a bouquet of flowers.
The light brown dog with white spots is nibbling on the girls hand.
A woman and little girl look into a display case.
Kids are always a pleasure to be around and to smile about.
A man is looking at ducks hanging through a window of an ethnic food store.
A young boy is rock climbing while suspended in a harness.
People stand around at some sort of gathering.
A swimmer, with a blue cap and blue goggles, swims in calm water.
The kid is in the water holding on to a floating tube.
Man riding on bicycle with white and green bike shirt and helmet.
Two bicyclists in a race wearing helmets with bystanders in the background.
A young man is outside holding a coil of wire.
Tennis player in white swinging her racket.
Two children wearing sunglasses sit outside of a plastic tent.
A band consisting of one female and three males plays during the day.
A football, or soccer, team is celebrating a victory as one player jumps onto the back of another.
A male golfer tries to hit the golf ball out of a sand trap.
A child is standing on a footstool in a kitchen at the kitchen counter.
A boy is relaxing in a hammock by a river.
Two men in white uniforms and blue helmets are playing on a ball field.
A bicyclist rides by as an audience watches behind a banner.
A food service person is giving a customer their double scoop ice cream in a cone.
A woman celebrating after she bowled a frame at a bowling alley.
A woman in a bikini is in the water jumping in the air as she holds a zebra balloon.
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
A team of people putting their hands in the middle.
Bicycle riders in number riding down in a parade.
An African American base player wearing a blue shirt, being backed up by a drummer.
A guy leaning his arm on a chair with his eyes closed.
Two men in sunglasses look at something in front of them.
A woman performing the violin in a concert.
A child watches a man shape a ceramic object on a potter's wheel.
Two men in orange safety vests paint a curb white.
Some of the ten children have juice boxes, one has a volleyball.
A paintballer, is ducking under a red barrier.
A man is making pottery and peering closely at the object he is making.
A brown and black Yorkie is playing with a red ball.
A woman in a red tank top and a Men's Health hat is sitting on the ground eating her lunch.
A man with a long beard playing a guitar.
A little boy in a toy room wearing Batman pajamas is building something with toys.
A woman and young girl climbing a grassy hill.
Many uniformed cyclists are going down a street passing cars parked on the side of the road.
A guy is flinging water out of a pale into a fountain.
A fat police officer and a fat lady sitting together while the police officer flips through paperwork.
A woman and a child are at a crowded airport.
There is five horse back riders riding through a valley on a trail in the sunlight
A man surfing on a wave, hanging ten.
A surfer is surfing a large wave on a white surfboard, wearing a black and red bodysuit.
A surfer riding the top of a wave in the ocean.
A bowler has just released a bowling ball down the alley toward the pins.
A seated man fires a gun.
Bruce Springsteen, dressed in black, is holding a microphone and pointing to a crowd.
Two girls looking out the window at "Hair at Hart."
A man in a yellow shirt fills some barrels with a small scoop.
Baseball player #38, Morse is seen standing and looking at the pitcher.
Young man on a surfboard rides a rough wave.
People enjoy relaxation and reading in this green and shady spot.
A young couple sits in a part eating ice cream as children play and other people enjoy themselves around them.
Three men in hard hats guide large machinery.
A man and a woman ice skating on a rink.
A child is squirted with water while older people sit and watch.
A man sewing a garment with an antique sewing machine.
An adult man in camouflage is helping a small child hold a rifle.
A man and a woman are each playing acoustic guitars on stage, surrounded by speakers and microphones.
A young boy splashing an older person with a bottle of water
A group of people are sitting at a long table with wineglasses.
Men wearing aprons, hats and sunglasses are grilling.
In what appears to be a patriotic parade, a man riding a vehicle is holding a little girl and American flags abound.
A short-haired man is jumping while on top of a huge boulder.
Two girls and a guy are involved in a pie eating contest.
A man plays with a baby, holding him up into the air.
The #5 baseball player from the Green Team attempts to make the catch as the #7 Gray Team player crosses the base, with the umpire looking on to make the call.
The pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball.
A little girl has dunked her head in a bowl of water.
A little boy smiling and riding in a shovel.
Profile view of a man with a brown pipe in his mouth.
A group of people playing carnival games.
A group of kids on a merry-go-round, playing at the park.
A young schoolgirl is smiling at the camera.
An asian man is wearing a kimono while practicing his martial arts with a fellow colleague.
A experienced quad rider, speeding up some sand dunes.
A dune buggy with one male passenger gets some air as it drives over a sand dune.
A man is riding an ATV through the desert.
Person driving a "one-man" atv pops it to two wheels in the sands.
An elderly man at some political rally holding a sign thanking our troops.
A man wearing all white with gold stripes holding a golden torching waving at the crowd.
The small boy is running and smiling.
A woman plays bass and sings with her bandmate with is a man playing guitar and the drummer plays in the background.
A young boy with a green bag stands behind a pole in a subway station.
A woman is participating in a workout class involving kickboxing-style movements.
A man is grinding his skateboard on a guard rail.
Two men in red shirts are standing with a man in a black shirt.
Motorcycle police officer rides in a parade.
A man in a white shirt is on his cellphone by the gate.
People in costumes wait to perform at an event.
An old, perhaps homeless, man is sitting at a table with a glass in front of him.
A bicyclist in red pushes her bicycle.
A clown is playing in a park with bubbles, while a young child is playing.
There are four men, three sitting and one standing, wearing the same dark blue uniform.
A professor in front of his class giving a lecture.
A female is singing into a microphone during an outdoor rock band concert.
A woman is standing next to a painting she may have just painted.
Parents get involved in the outdoor musical festivities by helping children play hand drums.
A man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse.
Asian man in red and black playing basketball.
Two men painting graffiti on a wall.
Man in a helmet riding his bike.
A man in a blue shirt is talking on a microphone, in front of people sitting down.
Man holding a cup and toilet brush next to a urinal.
A female acrobat wearing a red and white striped shirt and blue pants performs on a pole.
A mob has gathered in protest; one woman carries a sign in Hebrew.
Three people smile as they wait for their race to start.
A man in an Olympic outfit is carrying the London 2012 torch down a street.
An older man carries the Olympic Torch for the London 2012 Olympics past a group of spectators.
A cyclist in a red uniform rounding a curve on his bike.
A woman in a short, sleeveless bright orange dress and black leggings sits on a cement bench looking down, with numerous bicycles parked behind her.
A man and a woman standing in front of a black station wagon.
A woman in a striped shirt uses a cutting board and knives to cut some vegetables.
Three sailboats in a sailing race.
The dog has his tongue sticking out and walking in the grass.
There is a highly populated beach with clear water.
A stage with a large screen and a crowd of around 100 people.
A young boy is in an overgrown field with a toy lawn mower.
Two men play backgammon while a third looks on on a sidewalk.
A little boy with blond-hair is sitting on the floor cutting something with scissors.
A young boy in a yellow shirt draws with a blue crayon at a small fold-out table.
A smiling woman with her eyes closed is swinging on a tire swing.
Small show dog just ran through an orange flexible tube.
An Italian athlete posing on the field.
A man rides a bicycle on a small bridge over a body of water, possibly a swamp.
Four people at a holiday party at night.
A man carries many bags filled with items as he smiles for the camera.
Young skateboarding boy flips his board while performing a stunt.
Women in black dress taking picture of children in front of flowers.
A girl stands on a pier as a ferry comes in.
The girl of the white basketball team high-fives a member of the black team, while other girls gather.
The young girl is rollerblading outside near green bushes.
A white dog emerges from a yellow tube on an obstacle course.
A man wearing goggles is swimming in a pool.
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
An Army dog being trained by a soldier.
A baby with green headphones on is waving at a large crowd of people.
A man in a white shirt and baseball cap baking cookies.
A bearded man is playing a flute, and a person with dreads who is standing behind him plays another instrument.
A little boy is sitting in a swing.
A young girl wearing a red shirt with her right arm raised and left arm has a softball glove.
A female softball player swinging at a softball.
A man busking on the streets with a cello in a hoodie and backpack.
Old balding white man eats a little girls biscuit.
A girl in a green jersey top and blue shorts is getting ready to kick the soccer ball near the goal.
A group of friends get ready to go on an aquatic adventure.
A catamaran on the sea in a sailing competition.
A racing catamaran slices through the waters.
A little boy is holding a lit sparkler in the backyard.
A woman in a white shirt and shorts is playing a red guitar.
Two people are riding bicycles next to each other on ground with grass in the background.
A single person riding a bike.
Archaeologists are on the ground digging for something.
A curly-haired man in a suit plays the trumpet sideways.
A woman with blue boots standing in front of a large basket of vegetables.
A person is riding a white horse while jumping obstacles.
A white clad rider atop a horse jumping over a series of poles.
Javelin thrower wearing a dark shirt and preparing to throw.
A man on stage talking through a microphone in a black leather jacket.
Lets see how many people we can get to stare at us.
An Indian women sitting down with her hand outstretched, in a blue dress and expensive jewelry.
A bike mechanic explains the physics of a bike to a registered nurse.
A small boy and small girl are wearing formal clothes at a wedding, while walking down the aisle.
Three people on bicycles at the starting line of a race.
A bartender in a black shirt prepares a pink drink in a martini glass.
A skateboarder is landing a trick from a high place.
Two men in white practicing fencing on a court.
A man dressed in a camouflage color outfit is holding a gun and aiming it at his target.
A young lady is performing yoga along with the rest of her class.
Two teams are playing soccer in a large stadium that is filled with spectators.
An Asian child dressed in red is crying as an Asian woman appears to be comforting her.
Two men standing in an open doorway to a hanger, with the third man inside.
Two men, wearing hard hats and blue and yellow coats stand in front of a large machine and smile.
Two men standing on the deck of a large ship
A boy wearing a red hat is standing in the middle of the road.
A woman in a white dress holding flowers standing in front of 4 cows.
Two elderly women spin threads on spinning wheels, dressed in old-time clothing.
A lady is writing on a board.
Two men are hard at work in what appears to be snow removal.
A man walking on dirt at a construction site.
A skip loader moving dirt in a forest while 2 men watch and direct.
Men dressed in military garb practice their rounds.
Two men, one in a red jersey holding a ball and the other in a blue jersey, run on a grassy field.
Three onlookers watch a jogger pass as one of them hands him a drink.
Chefs preparing food outside with bread and cooking equipment visible next to the ingredients they are working on.
A man with a hand truck looks at yellow graffiti.
A black-haired man is sleeping on a bench in a city street.
A man is skiing in water.
A group of boaters boating down a winding waterway.
Two people are rowing a boat as a flock of birds pass them.
Seven men wearing construction helmets are working on the railroad track.
Man surfing on board with his dog in the ocean.
A pale white lady with blond-hair and crystal clear blue eyes, somberly poses with two red berries placed in her nostrils.
Two men on motorcycles taking a turn on a track.
Two people on bike racing on track rounding a corner
The men's rowing team in their green boat is practicing for their upcoming season.
Three men in a rock band performing on stage, in high-fashion clothing and long hair.
Children are enjoying a ride at a carnival.
A guitarist, a drummer, and another band member are performing on stage with red lights on the background.
An older man holds a hammer while watching something we can't see.
Man in a blue motocross outfit and red helmet riding a dirt bike on a trail.
Three young guys working in a dark room.
A dozen soccer players in black uniforms stand in a line on a grassy field, their breaths visible in the cold air.
A man in a red suit performing motorcycle stunts.
A girl, kneeling on the sand with a pink Minny Mouse bucket near her, is tossing a scoop of sand with a shovel.
A boy is shoveling sand on a beach.
Two children have dug a large hole at the beach and are filling it with water.
A baseball player swings to hit the ball as an umpire crouches behind him.
A baseball player in white is preparing to pitch the ball.
A group of natives are gathered at a native shop.
A little boy playing in rocks and sand down by the water.
A rodeo player is being taken down by a bull.
A black man is playing a guitar while a woman in a dark green coat nearby is looking away.
A man is illustrating using a spray paint can.
An older gentleman is carrying a tiki torch down a street lined with people, as some of them take photographs.
A male with blond-hair and glasses plays a type of horn.
Three men with ear protectors on are holding a gun and practicing shooting at a shooting range.
A black male looking and reaching his arms upward.
A man in a yellow and black wetsuit is surfing a small wave.
Three people are shoveling sand.
A motorbike racer takes a curve on a street circuit.
A lady and young boy are underneath the umbrella.
A bunch of kids in yellow hats are looking over a fence.
Males and females dancing together in formal wear.
A group of people are gathered together and in the middle a woman is bringing her hand to the face of a man.
Two men inspect the younger boy's arm for injuries.
A small child, wearing a helmet, is riding a BMX bike on a dirt path.
Two Asian women dancing and wear brightly colored outfits.
Bike wheels in the foreground with some men in jackets blurred in the distance.
Cowboys struggle to wrangle horses in an arena as spectators watch from the stands.
A hiker is climbing over rocks to get closer to a waterfall in a rural area.
A little boy in an orange collared shirt is swinging a baseball bat.
A bearded man wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing net.
Two race drivers in a small race car with bystanders in the background.
Man dressed in black dramatically rides a racing motorcycle along a stretch of street pavement.
Two women adorned in traditional tribal attire stand outside.
Three people are kayaking and two have crashed into each other.
Two men in the ocean surfing on the boards trying to catch some waves.
A guitarist, a trumpet player and two saxophonists take the stage.
Two men wrestle in the middle of towering buildings.
A Jockey in a blue helmet, red shirt and white pants is riding a race horse with "sparkasse" signs in the background.
Horses and jockeys running in a turf race.
A man with a large net stands in water that is up to his chest.
Two girls walking along a log in a field outside.
Two old men sit in a hot tub.
A woman vocalist singing in a club wearing glasses and playing keyboard
People surrounding a telescope to view things at a great distance.
A man conducts an orchestra as all the other musicians follow his lead.
Tourists, both female (one older, the other considerably younger) posing with mock astronaut for picture.
Mother tries some role reversal with her son in the kitchen.
Two men shaking hands outdoors in front of flags
A group of school children looking at a group on men wearing white shirts
A person in a light blue outfit is racing a dirt bike through a course in the woods.
Two males are fighting with a shovel and the top of a grill.
A shoeshine man sits on his stool in front of an empty seat.
Two people are walking their dogs on the beach, with a cloudy sky.
A brown and white dog running with his tongue hanging out.
A man attaches bicycles to the back of his car in a tree lined parking lot.
A female dancer poses on top-toe in an elegant photo studio.
Woman attempting to complete a spare in bowling using a red ball.
Two bulldozers are being transported on a truck with trees in the background.
A girl standing outside of a clothing shop
A man is kicking another man in the head inside of a red ring while another man watches.
A man prepares a cheese burger for a customer.
A man in a striped shirt is jumping off a swing.
An Asian woman holds a baby girl.
Two children are sitting shirtless on a trampoline.
Two woman sitting, gambling at a Casino.
A male surfboarder in a black wetsuit is riding a huge wave in beautiful blue water.
One surfer riding a wave in the blue waters.
A man surfing on a wave with a few people behind him swimming.
3 men, 2 shoveling dirt and the other laying down cement.
A naked baby and toddler smear each other in paint.
Man on horse wearing white hat attempting to lasso small animal.
Person wearing cowboy clothing being thrown off a bull while being surrounded by rodeo spectators.
Two hockey players are skating on the ice.
The goalie turns to see the puck in the net, while the team rises from the bench.
A man in a white shirt and plaid shorts sits down.
A motorcyclist is flying through the air above a dirt path.
A woman wearing sunglasses rides a brown horse.
A city worker (wearing an orange vest), working on a laptop sitting outside on the ground.
Two unenthusiastic kids sit in a parked firetruck.
A man in a red shirt riding a horse in what seems to be a rodeo.
A group of children walking on a trail.
A lady in a sparkly dress is playing guitar and singing into a microphone.
A person flies through the air in a field on a motorized dirt bike.
A man in a soccer uniform is kicking the ball while another man watches in the background.
A soccer goalie jumping up to save the ball from going in the net.
Two men are competing for the ball in a game of soccer.
A football team is running as the kicker touches the football with his foot.
A construction worker is standing on a crane placing a large arm on top of a stature in progress.
A red-sleeved man has thrown down, in a sparring manner, a gentleman with blue sleeves.
A woman washes a dish in front of a window with the shades drawn.
A woman with a black shirt on is grilling kabobs.
A tuba player dressed in formal attire performs along with his band mates, a banjo player and a trumpet player.
A man with glasses is holding a very young infant.
A boy in a black and green t-shirt playing outdoors in the sand.
A man in white organizes a yellow folder.
Four men in multicolored running clothes and shoes sprinting down a street while onlookers watch.
A group of adults and children with a white elephant statue at a festival.
A group of men are watching two men perform in a grass field in a neighborhood.
Some men are learning martial art.
Young boy in a blue and gray sweater, holding a wooden post.
A brother holding his younger brother outside in cold air.
Two young girls wearing white tennis uniforms are shaking hands.
A Person with white and black suit board waking into the waves.
A man in black clothes is riding an ATV down a road.
A University of South Carolina baseball player hitting a ball with a bat.
Two boys rest on a log floating along the bank of a body of water.
Pitcher on pitching mound in maroon cap and jersey releases baseball.
A woman in a coat pulls her selected pine tree through the snow.
An elderly black man using a sewing machine on a shirt.
A sign with the word insurance written in red is attached to a pole.
A singer in a white coat singing into the microphone.
A man showing his acrobatic skill with a monoboard being towed behind a boat on a lake.
A baseball player about to snatch an incoming baseball.
Three city workers in hard hats are pouring cement from a truck and laying sidewalk.
A girl is writing on her journal on a picnic cloth.
A person is carrying a small kayak or boat to the water while two other people watch.
A mom works out in a nice looking garden.
A man is playing on a stand up bass by plucking the strings.
A woman with glasses and a lip piercing is sitting down looking at her pink iPhone.
A boy in a black helmet jumps a bicycle with a small town visible in the background.
A driver is speeding a small car very fast.
A stock car races along a dirt track, spraying a plume of dirt behind it.
A race car is drifting on the unpaved the road.
A young man in a black hat and white t-shirt is suspended in their air on his skateboard.
A girl wearing an orange vest is riding a brown horse.
Two women playing badminton with trees in the background.
A woman is in the water ready to wakeboard.
Two soccer players are running and kicking a soccer ball at a game.
Guy in red uniform bouncing a soccer ball off his head.
Children wearing hats and making funny faces while smiling are standing next to a fence in the sand.
Two men with blue soccer uniforms practice soccer.
A fireman is climbing firetruck ladder, make is way up to a fire.
A man in glasses working a food processor and standing behind eggs, flour, oranges and butter.
People watching a young boy looking like he is falling onto his bottom on a tiled floor.
A person is breakdancing while some young boys watch.
A soccer player follows through with a kick as a second player watches.
The outfielder dives to catch the popup at center field.
Three young dark-skinned men sit on stacked fruit and smile at camera.
Woman in blue headscarf and black clothing carrying 2 trays of pastries outside a building.
A woman in black shorts and a purple top, jogging while pushing a gray stroller with a toddler in the stroller.
Three young adults are washing dishes in the kitchen.
A guitarist performs during a concert along with his band mate, on bass guitar.
Person flying in air wearing sandals, goggles, and wind suit.
A man wearing army camouflage stands behind the steering wheel of the vehicle he is operating.
A uniformed officer speaks into a communications device while sitting.
Three men in military garb digging sand in a desert.
Three people from a country in the east are dancing on a dance floor.
A brown horse with a white mane pulls a ploy with a man sitting on it in a field.
A woman wearing a red jacket hula-hoops in the street.
A man is using a sledgehammer to hammer a ring onto a barrel.
Sanitation workers on a midday break.
A child with dreadlocks is breakdancing on a public sidewalk.
A young woman is leaping in midair on a skateboard.
A little girl on a baseball field swinging at a baseball on a tee.
Young woman enjoying herself playing pool.
A large group of swimmers in wetsuits and swim caps eagerly dive into the water.
Multiple men in wetsuits and goggles standing behind a ribbon.
A swimmer's hand is taken as he gets out of the water.
A group of runners competing in a summer event.
A man dressed in orange and black is running a marathon through the streets as people watch.
The back of a person's head is shown, as they scratch their head with their hand.
A woman in a plaid dress and bare feet performing a ritual dance over bamboo poles.
Five people wearing black and holding musical instruments looking upwards.
Five musicians, three woman and two men, looking out over a wall with their instruments behind their back.
Five musicians holding their instruments pose for a photo in front of a backlit arch.
A man holds a small child on a tree limb.
A guy laying in a field who seems very happy
A girl in a red tank top talks on a cellphone.
Men and women on stage holding poles with colors and performing.
Two women compete in a marathon, while a little boy competes close behind them.
Playing tee ball is such fun for this little boy.
A welder wearing a welding suit is welding scrap metal together.
Three white men singing and performing on stage at a concert.
A woman is running at a competitive race, holding a bottle of water.
A woman with brown hair and navy blue jersey runs
A man is shooting a gun outdoors, on what looks like a beautiful sunny day.
Two friends run in a competitive race.
Two blond children, a boy and a girl, hold sticks and smile.
Two men boxing shirtless with black pants on
A boy hanging upside down on a ladder next to another boy climbing a knotted rope.
Two men in separate kayaks going through rapids.
Two men being watched by many, wearing no pants or shirt, one having tattoos and wearing some kind of headgear.
A wrestling match is going on while a crowd watches.
On a small river, four red-clad rowers pull their yellow boat ahead of several others.
Marathon runners running towards the finish line.
A group of men are running a street race while wearing athletic gear and their racer numbers.
An artist is drawing a caricature from a photograph, beside him are several celebrity drawings.
A young girl, wearing a yellow tank top, is playing outside with other children in the background.
A young boy is playing with his ball in front of a building.
A young boy and girl are being pulled in a child's wagon decorated like the American flag.
A cyclist rides a yellow bike with a field in the background.
Four bicyclists wearing helmets are racing along a city street while onlookers observe.
A smiling baby feeding a colorful treat to its parent.
A man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by.
Two lifeguards watch over the ocean on a cloudy day and an American flag is hanging behind them.
A man running in a marathon race is running across a bridge.
Violin soloists take the stage during the orchestra's opening show at the theater.
A pitcher and catcher on a baseball field with the ball in between them.
A band, consisting of at least one male guitar player and one female singer, plays music on a stage.
Men in a bicycle race going down a hill
Children play in fountains that spray water from the ground.
A girl holding a stuffed Psyduck toy is smiling while sitting on a bed.
A man and a woman dance happily.
A man holding a dotted bag gives another man a piggyback ride in front of a Subway sandwich shop.
Two white women having a conversation and an open beer.
Group of young people engaged in conversation, one listens on while holding a drink.
A young mother and her baby walk along a street.
The man, with no shirt, reaches into a bucket to extract the substance inside.
Men, woman and children gathering around with shovels picking up rocks.
A man is competing for a bicycle race while the other cyclists are directly behind him.
A girl with auburn hair is sitting at a table and looking over her shoulder.
A wet brown dog jumps up to get a white basketball.
As confetti flies, a soccer team in white uniforms celebrates.
Two soccer players chase after a member of the opposing team who is trying to get control of the ball
A soccer player is chasing a ball off towards a sideline on the field.
Two soccer players, one wearing white and one wearing blue, jostle each other while kicking pink and white balls.
Two people playing with a volleyball in a pool.
The little boy is walking down the sidewalk in his mothers shoes.
A man tries to fix a colorful object.
A young girl with pink dice in her brown hair has a sad look on her face.
An Asian man in the military is doing push-ups for a superior.
One man is shirtless while the other two men work on construction
Runners jogging through water with a rainbow appearing.
An adventurous skier skillfully moved down the steep, snowy slope at a high rate of speed.
Two child soccer players wrestle for the ball.
A young woman in a polka dot shirt and glasses in front of some trees.
A group of cheerleaders perform stunts at a track.
People in the background sit and watch as two girls in red shirts are doing flips.
A group of performers clap on stage.
A man just hit the ball on the golf course.
In an urban area, people act out their daily lives walking, eating, and enjoying company.
Beside a brick building, a woman hugs a recent graduate in congratulations.
A middle-aged man and women in a blue shirt look at the man's diploma.
A man holding a camera reaches over a railing to shake the hand of a 2012 graduate.
A person is kite surfing by a bridge.
A young man is surfing on the crest of a wave.
Man with red coat and pointy hair is blowing on a kazoo on stage.
A painting of people standing outside of building underneath two trees looking towards a yellow light.
Five little girls posing in matching dance outfits.
People are standing and sitting at round tables in a large room.
Four children drawing pictures on a large white canvas.
Closeup shot of a military man and woman in a blue dress dancing at a military ball.
Hmong mother washing her children's clothes with beautiful scenery behind her.
Two white dogs are playing on the grass.
Two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot.
A group of boys are watching a boy dressed in black with blue socks is kicking a soccer ball in the air on the sand.
A smithy preparing his tools in his humble workshop.
A baby with brown hair in pigtails closing her eyes.
A group of people on a dock by a city boarding various boats
Several guys playing cricket on a field, while an old man and lady spectate in the background.
A man trying to reach the tennis ball in a tennis game.
Woman tennis player in a green and red dress balancing a ball on the racket.
Four adults playing baseball, with a forest in the background.
Two women in purple shiny dresses are dancing in front of shrubbery.
Two men and one woman are performing music on a stage.
A woman is practicing her form with the backstroke during lap swimming at a local indoor pool.
A boy, with blue goggles, swimming in a pool.
Group of people standing in front of a store that sells bicycles for children.
A bicyclist racing in a bike race.
A few people on a boat with a white house in the background.
A guy sitting in a chair is getting a shave.
A man in a black bathing suit is playing volleyball on a beach with palm trees.
A young boy getting ready for a day of fishing.
With a building facade in the background, a man stands upon the shoulders of another while holding several burning sticks.
A middle-aged solo musician performs by singing and playing the guitar.
A man sits at a computer work station beside a woman and uses the computer.
This shows many people on bicycles in different color uniforms and helmets.
A woman is walking along the beach with three children following behind her.
Three guys playing golf along a body of water.
A woman is holding a drink in one hand and pointing at a painting with the other.
A beautifully dressed little girl poses in the forest with her walking stick.
A woman wearing a purple shirt and white helmet is riding a brown horse.
Three soldiers trying to put out a fire with a fire hose.
Two martial artists fight in front of a group of people.
A group of people are digging holes in the dirt.
Two children are playing with sand on a beach near the ocean.
A small boy playing in the sand while on the beach.
A woman and man cut rolled up dough into small pieces.
An adult and two children play in piles of fallen leaves.
A man in blue interviews a man in a dark suit while in a white tent.
The man is looking at the engine of the old firetruck.
A group of people stand in a line along a black fence.
A man, wearing glasses and a white shirt, lines up a billiards shot.
A long-haired man in a blue shirt juggles six orange balls.
A man in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes while some people stare at him.
A team of soccer players all dressed in white and green two of these male players are looking at a phone smiling.
A shirtless muscular man pokes his chest with a brown dagger while grimacing.
A large football player tackling and taking down another player from the opposite team in the middle of an action packed play.
A motorbike rider travels along a long dirt road lined with green trees.
A man is running, in a yellow runners shirt and matching running shorts, along the waterside with a big city in the background on a beautiful day.
Two soccer players are on the field on front of a large crowd.
A high jumper is in the middle of her jump while still holding the pole.
Brunette guy completing a jump on the pole vault.
A bunch of track runners leap over a hurdle, with 2 of them falling in the water beneath it.
A DJ host takes the mic and rallies his audience.
A tall elder man is standing with his hand around another shorter elder man in the middle of the city
A guy in white t-shirt on a mac computer.
Five men standing on a music set smile and wave at an unseen audience.
A football player runs past his competition with the ball.
A man is doing a flip while an audience watches.
The surfer crouches low and rides the wave.
A group of horses and their jockeys race across the grass.
Two men looking at each other and playing pool.
A pack of horses close together just out of the gate at a horse race.
Two young women in colorful clothing walk through wetland.
A man wearing a blue shirt talks into microphones amidst a background of signs.
Two men are playing guitars while a woman watches from behind them.
A court-side action shot of several professional basketball players in a game.
Male crowd surfing at a concert.
Somebody is rappelling down a tall cliff with the sun and clouds in the sky.
A soccer player in midair as he kicks the soccer ball.
The men are very resourceful and even managed to take a nap even in this unfriendly space.
The boy licks the icing from the spoon.
A male skateboarder skates off the steps to make a trick move for the camera.
Young children are having a fun summer day by playing in water.
Man raising his arms triumphantly as he leads the pack in a bike race.
This version of street hockey is on between organized teams.
Man with one leg throwing the discus.
A young white man in running gear is jogging by the water.
A young girl in a crowd of people spinning two hula hoops at once.
A shirtless man in front of a weathered brick wall outside.
A female in a yellow swim cap is swimming in a pool.
A young woman in purple running shirts is riding a red bicycle in the city.
A teenager is performing a trick jump on a city street corner.
A cute young boy waving an american flag outside.
Four girls playing soccer on a field as their coach looks on.
A group of senior citizens are watching a performance.
A barefoot man is photographing a couple who is laying in the green grass under some palm trees by water.
A woman is painting a scene of the Grand Canyon on her portable easel.
Four children are playing by an outdoor fountain.
A man windsurfing in the ocean.
A first basemen in a women's softball game attempts to tag the runner out at the end of a pickoff play.
Dark image of men playing bongo drums and drinking
Two soldiers train a police dog as it menacingly grabs hold of one of the soldier's training tools with its mouth.
A man being thrown into the air while being trampled by a bull.
A referee in a roller derby watching women skaters as they pass by.
A couple preparing for take off in their yacht.
A female runner dressed in a sports tank and brief is cheered on by a crowd of onlookers.
Accompanied by members of the local hockey team, a determined woman walks the final stretch towards the marathon finish line.
A man wearing a blue hat rock climbs up a steep rock face.
A woman in a red shirt and purple hat carries a blue container full of items on her head.
A man trying to tie a little cow down with a rope.
A man in a costume has himself some water.
Two people compete in a wheelchair race on a city street.
Two children are running down a sidewalk dressed in costumes.
A group of 5 young girls pose for a photograph by attempting to jump in the air just as the picture is taken, one of them stays on the ground and is holding an infant male.
Two young soccer players compete for the ball.
A person on a parasail jumps off a wave.
Three soccer players are battling for possession of the ball.
A soccer team is standing on the field waiting for their time to make a move.
The kids chase a huge bubble around the walkway.
One young males goes for a lay up with another defends him in a game of one-on-one basketball.
A photographer is taking a picture of a team wearing red.
A blond-haired boy, wearing blue patterned shorts, running through the water, as a wave recedes.
A curly-haired little girl is on the shore of a beach look down at the water.
Two men performing a piece of music, one in a plaid shirt singing into a microphone and the other in all black strumming an acoustic guitar.
Girl in red outfit jumping out of tire swing
A bald military man in camouflage clothes and bright blue gloves cracks an egg into a stainless steel bowl.
One person in a room lighting a cigarette while holding a cat.
Boy looks backwards to the camera while riding in a swing at an amusement park.
A man crouches down to take a picture.
A woman in a red apron is gesturing toward a selection of different loaves of bread behind her.
A little boy in a swimming pool.
Two women are looking at a camera, one is shorter with brown hair, while the other is blond and a bit taller.
A man with a top hat holds a large mug in a pub.
An elderly woman gingerly caressing a baby and holding him softly to soothe the baby.
A man kayaks in a blue and white kayak through rapids.
Rugby players are playing an intense game of rugby, where the carrier is being tackled by a member of the opposite team.
A rugby player in a white and red jersey shakes a tackle from a member of the opposing blue team.
A small child wearing a hat is playing on rocks at the edge of a body of water.
A black dog stands on a rock, green fields behind him.
A young asian man and woman stand open-mouthed in front of microphones, they are dressed in rockabilly style and the man has a blue guitar
Little girl in yellow shirt sips a bitter tasting beverage.
A group of men playing soccer, most of them looking at one man in black.
A senior citizen in a hospital bed.
A butterfly has landed on the head of a blond little boy.
A broad way show at its finale.
Man in a blue uniform kicking a yellow soccer ball with a nike sign on it.
Three girls inhaling vaporized smoke of some sort.
A man wearing a wireless microphone is smiling while standing near a television screen.
A lady and gentleman wearing blue gloves placing something into a blue mug.
Two women, one holding a spoon and the other holding a plastic bottle, are preparing food at an event.
A chef from Hodo Soy is pouring batter into a bowl.
Two people driving blue and black go-carts drive next to each other.
Five people are racing each other with go-karts.
Two men and a woman are inspecting the front tire of a bicycle.
A man is holding a large, water-spraying hose while another man watches.
A woman with brown hair paints a picture on an easel while sitting outside.
A bunch of motorcycle racers in colorful helmets racing neck to neck.
A guy name Peter is setting something up behind a miniature railroad and other people in the back watching something on a drop down screen.
Two people are riding motorcycle in a race.
A little boy crying beside a coin operated ride.
A baseball player has made an intense play to get to a base, while the defender has lost his balance.
Two white male hipsters beating each other with pillows in a public outdoor square.
People making line to make their purchase in the antique store.
Several bikers on a stone road, with spectators watching.
A male plays a video game on a television.
A very man on a motorcycle and 2 men on a cart are traveling down a dusty two lane road.
Two men in military uniforms are standing at a railing while one talks on the phone.
Six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of varying length pass by a group of onlookers.
The young lady happily cut the fresh vegetables for her dinner.
A young woman is sitting down on a group of chairs while posing a look.
A man in a gray t-shirt juggles bowling pins.
A woman in a bikini bottom holds her right hand up near a ball.
A person chopping onions in a cutter.
Two young men face each other with medieval armor, weapons, and clothes.
The horse jumps over the hurdle as a crowd watches.
A male cyclist pulls ahead of the pack wearing gray, white and red riding gear, a helmet and sunglasses.
A surfer gets air while others watch.
A surfer jumping a wave on a surfboard.
A woman folding laundry on the floor in front of a recliner.
A baseball man slides himself to the base while the other man touches the base at the same time
Man with glasses juggling for children.
Five men, wearing orange reflective suits, working on railroads.
Female distance runner participating in a race.
There is a girl with three boys swimming in water.
A chef on a unicycle juggles through a crowd of spectators.
A woman in a red apron watches as a man in a black apron cracks eggs.
Amish guy plays golf and walks
Two children, a girl and a boy, competing in a potato sack race.
A boy holding a big rock with another boy blurred in the background.
A scene from a hockey game where the player in blue has just taken a shot, while the player in white tries to block it.
Men playing ice hockey and one has just fallen.
Five ice hockey player from the same team are celebrating on the rink.
A girl in a white jacket is smiling while she holds a microphone.
Four motocross racers fly over the off-road dirt ramp during a competition.
A soccer match between a team with white jerseys, and a team with yellow jerseys.
A dark-skinned man in a white uniform is deflecting a ball from the goal net.
Two young men are inspecting a vat and pipes on a dock or harbor.
A waterskier is being pulled by a rope and he is wearing pink and black pants.
A lone clown adding some much needed color to the world.
A child in a red coat looking through the lens of a metallic blue telescope.
A young girl wearing pink and zebra print smiling while holding a stuffed animal at a birthday party.
White male playing guitar on live on stage in a rock and roll band.
Two sexy women wrestling in the ring.
Fans and players celebrate and hoist their coach on their shoulders after winning a soccer match during a night game.
Black chief making a food in the hotel
A large white greenhouse with a family sitting in front of it having a picnic.
A person is on a ladder putting up letters on a sign at a Theater.
A brunette is eating noodle soup with chopsticks out of an orange bowl
Two girls are putting a chemical in a bottle.
Two students at work in a science class.
Run, run careful don't hit the van.
A basketball player slam dunking the basketball during a game as the crowd and players watch.
An older person opens a glass and selects a cheese.
A man in a brown outfit and sandals is sweeping a stone floor.
Three people running through the mud with people in the background.
A man is catching a ball in the middle of some sort of sport.
Elementary school students watch an experiment in a large glass apparatus.
A young boy in a blue jacket is watching something being sawed apart while he wears safety glasses.
A youth taking apart or putting together an electronic device.
A girl is showing off what I presume is art that she made.
A young boy in glasses is using a hammer on a metallic object.
A young girl wearing colorful clothing uses henna to draw a flower on her hand.
A person picking a lock with a piece of metal.
Children are in a classroom setting learning how to sew on a sewing machine.
A young girl learns how electrical circuits work.
A group of eight people playing some sort of tabletop game all surrounding a table.
A young boy preparing a project with a bearded man.
Older man talking to a young boy who is wearing a blue and brown shirt.
Young child using tools on a machine.
A woman draws a dog using pencil on a small square.
A woman with a black dress and sunglasses juggling lemons outdoors.
Four kayakers in two brightly-colored kayaks "surf" a standing wave in a river flowing through a park.
A woman watching two kids playing at a pool.
A soccer player for Eik leaps high in the air to kick the ball, pursued by several opponents and a teammate.
A small image used to signify a broken web image link
A man in a pink shirt is standing next to two younger men in a dark room.
2 hockey teams are playing hockey.
A man with his dog is wearing hiking gear and looking at the view of the mountains.
Two men abroad enjoy talking about their differences.
Solders in a marching parade standing still at attention.
A worker is cleaning a roof or terrace on a cold winter morning.
Several men are playing hockey with spectators sitting on the bleachers.
A group of fishermen holding a net looking at a small batch of caught fish.
A rugby player passes off the ball when approaching a defender.
A bearded man wearing all black is standing across the street from a Bradford's.
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held.
Caucasian man in a hard hat holds power drill in front of the American flag.
A business presentation where the presenter is wearing a striped shirt and using a projector.
One lady in a plaid coat eating cotton candy.
A young boy is bowling for one pin with a ball outside, while 3 other people are in the background.
Man in yellow shirt performing maintenance on Schwinn bicycle near a picnic table.
Two athletes, one wearing purple and blue stripes and the other wearing blue and white stripes, are playing soccer on a field.
Several people wait outside at the local community event.
A group of young people dances with enthusiasm with their partners.
A lot of police in riot gear are surrounding one man in a white shirt.
A woman in a purple shirt running a marathon getting water splashed on her.
Two men in blue shirts smiling and shaking hands.
A snowboarder loses his balance and dives into the snow head first.
A man on a beautiful beach uses a knife to open a coconut.
A young girl in leopard print stands in the kitchen holding a spatula while cooking pancakes.
Two guys playing soccer on the field.
A man wearing a black shirt, red tie, and red suspenders concentrates on juggling three red balls.
An audience watch as six men prepare to run a race.
A man is placing his first foot into a box filled with water.
A group of women exiting a obstacle in a race.
Men's Volleyball team member jumps up into the air to spike the ball into the other teams playing field.
This guy has just created a new way of cooking for his family.
A man is showing three women how to create pottery in a class.
A man is kicking a ball on a field.
A man is making a clay pot, while several bystanders are watching.
Two guys load boxes into a battered blue container that sits on a brick-paved street.
In an urban marketplace, there is a man receiving a haircut with several other men and a small girl in the background.
A male athlete tackles his head into the ground to protect the ball in play.
A man in a blue and orange shirt kicks a soccer ball to his teammate.
Five military men standing in front of a statue.
1 guys running with a white ball football in sand while another chases him.
Reporter is taking interview from a red race car driver.
A woman in a restaurant is cooking on a grill.
This men are marching band playing instruments on streets.
Two men in blue uniforms and hats along with white boots are walking along a street.
A working man taking a drink of water.
A shirtless black man wearing sunglasses and jogging pants along a park path near a waterway.
Two men and a woman running together for a competition.
An African American man is running near the water without a shirt.
Two hockey players stand with both their arms raised up.
There are five jockeys on horses with trees in the background.
Two men in a city working at a construction site, with tall buildings behind them.
A man doing a trick on his BMX bike on top of a half pipe
A man and a woman perform martial arts outdoors.
A woman getting a back rub from a man while sitting court side at a basketball court.
Two Indian ladies photograph the long green grass outdoors of their native land.
The man is trying to make a pottery that he can market soon.
A woman is sitting on a sofa with her feet propped up on a table, while using a laptop.
A couple reviewing the deserts in a room full of people intent on food.
A group of Indian boys giving the peace sign.
Three young boys, are playing in the sand along the beach side.
A group of people are hanging out outside.
A pair of men sit outside while one plays the accordion and the other plays a wind instrument.
A barber is giving a haircut to an elderly man outdoors.
A small child, wearing a striped shirt, is unable to see down the tube of a telescope.
People with anti-immigration signs.
A male cheerleader is holding a female cheerleader in the air at a football game.
A girl with leopard knee crouches while rollerskating down the track.
A woman with a red hoodie on trying to cross a stream of water shoeless with a covered television.
An older man, wearing a salon drape, getting a haircut.
A man has just won from a karate battle with his opponent and his nose is bleeding.
A person walking down a road in the desert.
A woman in a bright pink skirt carrying a basket on her back, walking up a cobblestone path.
A man wearing a old style suit dancing in a ballroom with a woman.
A deep-sea diver is in full equipment studying a sea turtle.
Two girls playing inside a jumper house.
A person in orange pants is skiing down a slope.
Snow skier flies high through the air.
An Asian woman, dressed in a bright pink shirt, is washing her clothes in the river.
Two children and an adult digging a hole in the sand in winter clothing.
Rider in red racing a mini red race car that rides very close to the ground.
A man in goggle swimming.
Three people stand proudly by a truck stocked with building supplies in the street.
A man on an atv enjoys an afternoon riding in the desert
A dark-haired man surfs off a big ocean wave and is airborne.
A man is playing the drums.
Three people rock climbing in matching clothes beside a small waterfall.
A male vocalist plays guitar and sings under the spotlight.
A man in his kitchen cooking up a great meal.
A bald man is on a surfboard presumably ready to catch some waves.
A black dog runs on green grass towards the camera.
There are five people sitting around a coffee table going over some paperwork.
A goalie is playing hockey, and there is an object in front of the net.
Working making drill on wood to make holes.
A boy is riding a toy horse, which is placed in the corner of a teal brick corner.
Students investigate photos up close in class.
A table full of high school aged kids are performing science experiments in three groups of four.
A little girl holding a big sign that says "END WAR" and she's looking down at it.
Sledding down a snow covered hill on a sled, with trees and mountains in the background.
A man who has his face covered with a turban is carrying a weapon.
A lot of bicyclists are ready for a race to begin.
A man in a helmet and uniform is smiling.
One man attempts to pin his opponent who is waring a blue singlet during a wrestling match.
Three scouts are on top of a cliff overlooking the ocean.
A group of young people are sitting around a fire pit.
A man in a basketball game is shooting the ball.
An arts and crafts class paints a project while the teacher oversees and smiles at them.
A man is directing a camel carrying some material.
A hockey game is going on in a large ice rink.
Two wrestlers wrestling in a gym.
A man and a woman in jeans are sitting on either side of a guitar.
A young boy is in the middle of a sale of goats
A boy with his arm wrapped in an ACE bandage rests in a bed.
Soccer players in their uniforms running up the field in the middle of a game.
A man appears to be sewing some sort of material.
Tennis player returning a high serve on tennis court.
A woman taking a picture while enjoying a glass of wine.
A small boy wearing a helmet and dressed in black, swings a blue bat in tee ball.
A soccer player in a green jersey kicks a blue and yellow ball.
A major league baseball player has just hit the ball and is about to run.
A man dressed in a surfing shirt and blue and white shorts skillfully guides his yellow board with its multicolored sail over the crest of an ocean wave, flipping over in the process.
A team of girls competing on rollerskates.
Getting things ready for the crowd at the spanish food restaurant in NY.
A skier jumps a snowdrift high in the trees.
A man with a blue hat and black vest is riding a tan colored bull that is kicking up dust.
A man dirt biking through some mud in full costume.
A caucasian women with blond-hair and a pink bow is putting an object into a plastic bag.
Woman wearing a blue sweater while holding a large piece of brown paper material.
A man, in a black short-sleeved logo shirt, is sitting at an electronic console with his headphones on.
There are a group of people on a tractor of some kind riding through a field.
A group of kids playing football by an old castle.
A guy in his scuba gear is having a conversation with other men.
Many people of all races are gathered together surrounded by red, white, and black balloons.
A man is standing in coconuts while trying to open one.
Three shortboarders are walking down the beach toward an outcropping of black boulders.
A man practicing shooting with his safety gear on.
A guy wearing earmuffs and shooters glasses sites his rifle's scope on a target.
A female singer and male guitarist and drummer perform on a stage.
A young man in blue jeans and a blue tee-shirt an sunglasses is on a skateboard on pavement lined with palm trees.
A young gymnast practicing before a match.
A little, blond toddler is petting a small dog outside.
O Oh cool going mudding, got my helmet and jacket.
A man on a mountain bike is rolling down a mild hill.
A new dad sees that his fatherhood is continuing.
An Atlanta baseball player is wearing a glove on the infield.
A small baby in a baby swing that has a yellow dress on.
A bull is bucking off a rider who is wearing a pink shirt and chaps.
A man is catching a large wave on his surfboard.
A crowd of people watching as a large statue of a man is being moved.
A man checks his phone while sitting on a stone bench.
One man laying outside in the shade of a tree with a sunglasses on while reading a book.
In this photo we have two soccer players going for a header.
Blue and gray sailboat in the water with a few other boats in front of it against a gray sky.
Young girls gathered around a man blowing large bubbles.
A gray bearded man slices blade into some poultry on a cutting board.
A yellow bulldozer machine in a rocky field.
A bulldozer is pushing stones and dirt into a pile.
A man is looking at a yellow bulldozer.
A team of men are playing a game in which several of them are jumping to reach the ball.
Hockey player takes the puck.
Soccer player in white and green dives for the ball as he defends against his opponent in black.
A little boy is playing with a skateboard.
A snowboarder performs a trick by riding down the rail of a staircase.
A motorcycle racer takes a tumble while two competitors come racing up quickly from behind.
Funny kid plays with his milk straw gives a smile for the camera.
A woman is working as a seamstress.
A man holding up a bright pink umbrella on a city street.
Bread is shared between a man and two women.
Two jockeys lead their horses over an obstacle during a race.
It is a beautiful day at the horse track.
Two steeplechase horses, running parallel, make a obstacle leap, on the course with their riders.
A basketball player rejects another basketball players shot in midair right below the basket.
A player from the Oakland A's sliding to second as player from the Angels awaits the ball.
A man sprinkling the corn on the ground.
A woman with short hair wearing a skirt, shirt, and sunglasses is juggling three oranges.
A woman with a really dirty kitchen doing her dishes.
Dog sitting on the couch with a holiday ribbon on top of his head.
This dog doesn't seem to appreciate how awesome his hat is.
A young man attempts to pole vault over a bar, barely inches away from it mid flight.
Two men are carrying on a conversation on a sidewalk.
A man sits outside in the partial shade in a hammock reading something.
Two African-American men workout on a football field.
Two men sit at a cafe talking, while a blurred woman in a purple overcoat walks by.
Three girls playing jump rope outside.
Three ladies near a table scattered with books, busy writing notes from their reference books.
A woman is reading next to a water fountain.
A boy does a flip while another boy stands on the Matt.
A woman sitting by the water washing some clothes.
A pit crew makes repairs to a motocross bike while the pit crew boss supervises.
Skiers and snowboarders warm themselves by the fire while they talk.
Two men wearing white clothing and helmets are rafting in white-water rapids.
An Asian couple wearing blue and red formal clothing are standing together in a forest setting.
A black man in a white uniform makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd's amazement.
A spectacular dunk by a professional player with white and yellow on
Two women on rollerskates with helmets and elbow and knee pads jostle one another as they skate.
A dog in the grass in front of a building.
Little blond girl in her jacket sticking out her tongue while holding a red balloon.
Man wearing a light blue jean jacket looking at a painting next to a river and bridge.
A musician in a simple gray tee is kneeling in front of his drums on a wooden plank stage.
A man and a woman dressed in white are practicing fire dancing.
A little kid in a red jacket riding a broom like a horse.
A man, in a red shirt, riding an old tractor.
A bull is attempting to throw off a male human with colorful pants on his back.
Two young, male soccer players compete for the ball on a wet field.
A young boy wearing a gray hat, dressed in mostly black, accept for his shoelaces, playing on his skateboard.
A man is pulling a chain in a workshop.
A Marquette University player is going towards the basket, and is being contested by a St. John's defender at Madison Square Garden during the Big East Tournament.
Male athlete in midair, wearing white shorts and high top shoes.
A young boy, dressed in cowboy attire, rides a galloping horse.
A man is sitting behind the driver's wheel in a car.
A group of men and women are working out on various pieces of weight-lifting equipment.
A band singing for a crowd of people.
A man wearing black pants, an orange and brown striped shirt, and a black bandanna in a "just thrown a bowling ball" stance.
Blake Griffin, of the Los Angles Clippers dunking over a Minnesota Grizzles player.
A woman in a bikini and sunglasses is bumping a volleyball at the beach.
Group of children and an adult male laying on the floor with balls on their heads.
A man is holding his nose while tasting something and the woman is laughing at him.
Woman enjoys sucker with another patron behind her.
A hand is seen holding a small strainer with a red substance inside.
Two men are playing soccer on a field.
A person on a bicycle is jumping over grass and rocks on an outside trail with a mountain in the background.
Two go-cart drivers are racing on the racetrack.
A crowd watching a man in white pants using an axe.
Two motorcyclists race on an asphalt track on purple and green motorcycles.
A man with a purple patterned shirt and jeans is sitting on a brown recliner.
Baseball players and umpire at home plate making a play.
Little asian girl with yellow glasses working on a piece of woodwork with the help of an adult.
A young girl holding a hand-drawn clock talks to two women.
A woman is drawing at a table with a blue permanent marker.
An audacious motorcyclist who is zooming through a racetrack.
An elderly woman tries on a black hat while looking in a mirror at a clothing boutique, with a sales assistant to her right.
A man in a dark jacket works in a wood shop.
This women is enjoying the nice hot summer weather in the tropical while enjoying a nice refreshing drink.
A skier in red sprays snow against a white background.
A basketball player in a St Johns number 10 jersey dunking a basketball.
A brown dog is running through the field.
A group of children stand by a child sized table and chairs while one of them puts their foot in a small plastic bin.
A man and a woman are in a field holding hands.
A man skateboarding on a bench next to a bend tree in front of a white building.
A man in a black shirt is mixing drinks
A dog is distance jumping into a pool of water while spectators are watching.
An all male crowd on a beach are throwing themselves backward as one kneels in the middle.
A man standing at the front of the room is pointing up while several people who are seated look towards him.
A baseball player is sliding into second base while the opposing infielder jumps.
A person is cracking an egg into a silver bowl using only one hand.
There is a little girl in a pink shirt who is holding a red purse in her hand
Blond woman in a pink shirt brushes a brown horse with wagon wheels in the background.
Several black children are gathered posing for the picture in a field.
A blond-haired toddler dressed in pink and white is holding a toothbrush.
A Caucasian man is teaching a class in Asia.
A boy in a yellow hoodie and a girl in a pink outfit play on the beach.
Gentleman making a play on a soccer ball
A child in yellow attempts a goal at a soccer game while the goalie in red tries to block the shot.
A group of adolescents dressed in uniforms are walking down the street.
Three adults, two men and one woman, talking to each other in winter attire in the snow.
A rally car drifts around a turn and splashes mud.
A man wearing a cowboy hat, overalls, and a white shirt is pointing at his music sheet and looking at someone in confusion.
A speed cyclist goes around a track with judges observing.
A Roosevelt soccer player butt heads with the ball and an opponent during a match.
A person washing their hands in a white sink.
There are a team of winter athletes skiing together in a line formation.
Three individuals are visible participating in the sport of fencing while two spectators watch from behind.
The conductor was very agitated during the performance.
Four soccer players watch a ball, two apiece on separate teams, as number 10 Messi kicks it away.
Soccer players are on a field, one about to kick a ball, and another trying to steal it from him.
Members of a soccer team hugging on the field.
A soccer team is on a playing field, some of them fixing the nets and one emptying water from a cooler.
Two police officers are patrolling on their horses.
A white and gray colored horse is jumping a yellow competition fence while it's rider holds on.
A skinny boy flocking in dirty water wearing his skinny pants.
A man wearing a white t-shirt and khakis puts on an amazing fire juggling show.
A man makes a diving catch during a game of ultimate frisbee.
Two guys; one in white and the other in red are leaping to catch a Frisbee.
Two men wearing hats playing ultimate Frisbee.
A man with a white hat and a tool belt who is working on the roof.
Two people wearing helmets are riding bikes in the woods.
A man is surfboarding and is in the air with the wave splashing behind him.
A blue lift putting decorations up on a building.
Two men wearing motorcycle helmets, one carrying a piece of paper.
A little boy in a hat picking up Easter eggs.
There are people on a golf course and one lady is holding a flag at one of the holes.
This young girl is making her way home.
An older man wearing ice skates and holding a hockey stick looks at a hockey puck in midair.
A baby with blue eyes and a dirty face is pointing at his left eye.
A man with a beard and overalls is standing next two men wearing black jackets.
A man with a beard holds a pair of tongs at a restaurant table.
A man with glasses and red facial hair tells a story to two smiling men.
A man's head becomes later after receiving a haircut.
A woman wearing sunglasses, a red shirt and black shorts runs in a road race.
Two players face off in a basketball game.
A woman sweeps outside of the entrance to a building with two huge wooden doors.
Two young men in uniform involved in a basketball game.
A young man blasts out the pool water wearing a pair of goggles on his face.
A black dog running toward the camera.
A man is helping a small boy climb up a pole that is on playground equipment.
A girl is laughing while sitting on a couch.
A basketball player in a yellow uniform tries to dribble while being defended by a player in a blue uniform.
A vendor wearing a red apron selling food at a soccer game.
A white man in a white room filled with pictures sitting down trying to put a frame together.
A man is juggling tennis balls next to his two friends.
Multiple people with candles all around or in hand are facing the camera as they each have different numbers of fingers held up.
A family of four sit on a quilt in a crowd of others.
A man in an olive green shirt using a hammer to sculpt a golden object.
Two guys working off the rail.
A family waits next to some portable toilets in the city.
A runner is participating in a run session or race along a desolate stretch of country road.
A woman in a dimly lit room looks through her microscope and adjusts the vision.
Small children playing with hula hoops in a large room.
People from all walks of life rush to catch the next train in Japan.
Man shoveling dirt into a pile
A man speckled with blue, orange and green paint over his upper body is holding up a camera.
A man in a uniform saluting.
A young, white boy standing alone in a room juggling some unidentifiable material.
A woman smiles as she gives a presentation on a microphone.
A woman in a white blouse laughs, while another woman in a black shirt and glasses looks on.
A little boy wearing a red hat with an Ritz cracker in his hand.
A man with a gray beard in a karate stance with a yellow belt on his waist.
A woman in a blue dress stands with a bemused look on her face.
Two teenage boys practice their soccer skills as their friends stand beside the goal and watch.
The man is being kissed by two beautiful women.
A postal carrier with a big smile stands on the sidewalk with his cart of mail.
Two men with facial hair making tortillas in an informal setting.
An Asian barber with a towel over his arm stands behind an empty barber shop chair.
Men are playing hockey on rollerblades.
A rugby team gives chase as the man in possession punts the ball.
A little boy in blue holds a yellow object in front of a floral designed chair.
A snowboarder kicking up snow under a tree on a mountain.
A boy and a girl smile for a photo while in a pool.
Two young girls kissing a man on either side of his face with a lighthouse on a hill as the background.
A man and woman pose together in front of a body of water.
A smiling woman and four young children, posing for a picture.
Shirtless man playing a keyboard and singing into a microphone.
Men are playing with a volleyball in a pool.
Rocks outside sitting in the sunlight chilling watching the sun come up.
Two young girls in dresses are hula hooping on the street.
The soldier is jumping from the plane
A man leans towards a fire to check on the contents of a pot.
A man outside of Rodgers butchers looking at food.
A little girls stands on the sidewalk and blows bubbles.
This a man on a boat in calm water surrounded by trees.
A blue-robed and hooded figure is walking past occupied tables in an upper-class room.
A snowboarder takes flight while performing a freestyle move.
A person with glasses and a black cap bending over equipment in the dark.
Two basketball players in white jersey's are guarding a player from the other team.
Several men in yellow and green vest in a cafe having lunch.
A bike rider with a suit covered in advertisement prepares for a race.
A boy in a blue shirt is on a skateboard in midair doing stunt, while others watch.
A musician dressed in a suit plays his large instrument while sitting on an amplifier.
Two men, one with a mohawk and sunglasses crawl through the mud, as others look on.
Protesters are holding signs in Spanish.
A man grinds a piece of metal in front of an onlooker on a studio set.
A young man in blue working with electronics.
A young girl in a pink shirt creates a painting on paper.
A woman is showing a child how to use a sewing machine.
Two young children using a mortar and pestle grinding a product down.
Women showing a child how to solder a piece of metal.
A man looking at some kind of contraption while another man in the background watches.
A man is preparing to tee off in golf, and there is a big crowd watching him.
A woman lays in bed with her cat as she pets her.
A woman sitting on the corner wearing a blue checkered shawl.
A man with a yellow hard hat on is working above some water.
A woman is covered up completely and fixing a machine.
A woman carrying a tray with drinks on it.
I 'm really hurting after that ball bounced off my forehead.
Two black dogs are fighting in front of a tan sofa.
Two men in red shirts and blue pants are playing hockey.
Two players face off in ice-hockey as the referee has just thrown the puck onto the ice.
A woman yells into a microphone while wearing a red jacket.
A person walking in the snow with a forest of trees in the background.
A red and white car rounds a corner on a racetrack.
A group of young men playing basketball; two members of the same team trying to block a player on the other team who has the ball.
Basketball team, with one of the players about to go for a shoot.
Four cyclists, three of the in-line and one to the side, are cycling down the track.
Four indoor cyclists are racing around a bend.
Men and women with satchels and briefcases travel up and down dimly lit escalators.
A caucasian male in a green and white plaid shirt holding a microphone.
A bearded man in a tan hat, assists a bald man in tennis shoes, near a campfire.
Woman talking to a photographer dressed in black.
A group of young children laugh and play amid a large bubbles.
A female in mid throw of a bowling ball.
A person in a tan and blue sweater hanging clothes on a clothesline outside the window of her building.
A couple of woman carrying bricks on there head.
A man is playing a instrument at a concert.
A man jumping on a skiing board.
An individual on a ski board appears to have jumped from the nearby helicopter.
Two people are outside grilling some meat.
This picture is of a man in an odd outfit juggling.
People at the park are watching the game.
Photographer captures his shadow as he photographs young boys mingling on the lawn.
A child in a sweatshirt and jean skirt squatting.
A man in blue pants is behind a car parked on grass outside of a brick gateway.
Several soccer players in defensive position( s ) on the ground during a game.
A soccer player wearing a red and white uniform catching the ball for a score as the opponent wearing a blue and white uniform is in the background along with a crowd of people watching the game
A man in bright colors is being helped to perform his routine.
A team is huddled up on the playing field, wearing blue shirts and blue and red shorts.
A woman with a red scarf is juggling oranges.
11 men and women sit around a table eating, while 1 woman bends over in the background.
A mountain biker is in the midair in the middle of a stunt.
You African American boy with no shirt on smiling while holding a bowl of food.
A row of old fashion wagons being pulled by cattle.
Two young children in black clothing and padding perform a martial arts match where they compete against the other.
Three gentlemen playing basketball, one man with the ball and two defenders on him.
A snowboarder is grinding on a rail down a slope with snow all around.
A man in the middle of a jump while snowboarding.
Two men in uniform are tugging at a large cable wire.
Firefighters stand on the roof of a building surrounded by trees.
A young man is lying underneath a large tree in a park, holding what appears to be a beer.
A man and a woman looking at a baby.
A man in a red shirt gives a peace sign while cooking chicken on a barbecue.
A shirtless older man making a traditional Indian street food dish.
A person on a dirty 4 wheeler driving through the dirt.
Four women's hockey players scramble for a loose puck as it skips along the boards.
2 hockey players in black gold and white, one has the puck with his stick and is skating.
A group of people dressed in swimwear standing outside in a snowy, woodsy location.
There are people sitting on a bus and the camera is focused on a man waving his hands at the camera.
Three friends share a coffee.
A man on a city sidewalk in a coat playing a brass clarinet.
A man in a hat and overalls is preparing a tasty dish.
A girl with a black winter jacket and brown boots is throwing snow over a fence around a canal or waterway.
Two surfers, one shirtless, ride a wave.
Three people on motorbikes are riding down on a dirt path.
People are lined up to take a yellow bus.
Man in white and red tackling man in green shirt for the ball.
A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.
A woman visiting some sort of conference creates a project on a iPad.
An elderly man and woman are ready to maneuver a contraption.
Three people, two men and a female, pose for a picture with bottles of drinks and dressed in science gowns.
A woman mixing drinks in a bar and posing for the camera.
Two men, one in black and one in gray, are conducting a science experiment.
A bartender is shaking up a drink.
A bartender wearing a black button up shirt is pouring two beverages.
Someone is dropping orange food coloring into a clear drink.
A man in a striped shirt, vest, tie, and hat is serving himself punch from a large bowl.
Person dressed in newspaper boy attire pouring drinks.
A bartender with a white shirt is pouring a glass of orange liquor.
Two men are on a boat cleaning the water.
A man in jeans and a button up shirt is presenting something on a projector screen.
A group of young men dressed in red walk past a tour bus.
Lady with a white towel on her head selling at an open air marketplace.
A boy jumps 5 stairs on a fold-up scooter.
A shirtless man with a race placard on his butt is posing like a body-builder.
A hockey player in uniform is sitting on a hockey court.
Young male soldiers in camouflage pants and helmets clean up debris outside a building.
Man dressed in snow gear goes crosscountry skiing.
A team of Roller Derby Girls block the competition as they go for the win.
Two guys mounting a box on a railing.
A man wearing a large backpack is navigating his way through snow covered terrain.
A woman skier in a blue sweatshirt smiles atop a large hill.
An older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars.
A little boy wearing a Marvel shirt brushes his teeth.
A child in a green jacket is rolling a bowling ball toward the pins in his lane.
A Man in a gray shirt playing violin.
Overhead view of two people, a man and a woman, preparing a meal with potatoes.
A small dog playing tug with a larger dog
A man juggles flaming objects with a fence and a car in the background.
A man holding a guitar sings.
A little girl is brushing her teeth in front of a mirror in the bathroom.
A child stands upside down in a pool.
A man in a black leather jacket plays a saxophone.
A string quartet busking for a crowd on the street.
An Asian youth sitting on a wall with a skateboard on his lap.
Two boys in a wrestling match.
Man in white karate uniform, flipping another person in a blue uniform with people looking on.
Five workers in orange outfits and blue helmets work on scaffolding.
A male in blue jeans and blue shirt working on some indoor seats.
A guy is examining something under a microscope while people watch.
A man wearing a green shirt, standing on a pitcher's mound has just thrown a ball.
Three scuba divers communicating with one another.
A scuba diver ignores a group of blue and yellow fish as he explores the ocean.
The players are in their daily routine workout.
Tourist using the binoculars to get a better view of the serene ocean.
Little girl playing dress up in room next to her toys.
One man is riding an orange skateboard at a skateboard park.
A boy is jumping a cement wall with a green skateboard.
Four clowns, two male and two female, are walking down the street and waving.
Construction workers are working on a scene.
A boy with a black jacket and a blue hat is hugging a brown and white dog on a porch in the snow.
Three players participating in a team sport.
A team of boys plays basketball in a gym as one fan looks on.
Surfer surfing in a beautiful with birds around and waves with beautiful texture
A teenager in a blue Hollister brand sweatshirt adjusts a "Sky-Watcher" telescope.
Man on boat pulling a line from the water.
Athletes are running on an indoor track wear different colored shoes.
Four men running on a track inside.
Three hikers are hiking in a mountain filled with trees and snow.
Ice skating race is going around a curve.
Boy with a blue shirt, playing in the street with a toy.
Two young boys have a conversation with one and other.
A man in blue with a black and yellow vest spits fire at a Renaissance fair.
Two young boys dressed in snowsuits play in the snow.
A rider is pulling a wheelie on a motorcycle.
Two firemen turning the water on in the hoses.
Four guys in wheelchairs on a basketball court two are trying to grab a basketball in midair.
A little boy covers his face while facing drawers.
Several men sit while banging on a bongo.
Two guys in black jackets using and listening to a record player.
Two people tread through the snow in an all terrain vehicle.
A young man in a red shirt gets his hair trimmed.
Evening soccer game with one side about to score.
This rodeo athlete is trying to ride this wild horse.
Two people can be seen running on paths with trees between them.
A mark up artist is powdering a female.
Violinist plays with the band as the yellow light sets the mood.
A blue race car is parked on the road.
Two women dressed in red gypsy clothing dance around in the dark.
Two men, one playing a horn and the other playing a sax on a dimly lit stage.
Little boy attempting to help mom do dishes &amp; play in the bubbles.
A guitarist is performing music on stage.
A group of people are exercising in a yard and have their hands touching over their heads.
A Spanish looking woman carries a heavy red bag slouched over her shoulder.
A man in a cluttered motorboat rows whilst his female passenger has a look of disappointment on her face.
Students practicing yoga in a class setting.
Two women playing softball while one wearing purple is sliding to base while the other wearing white is trying to catch a ball.
A man wearing glasses holding a nearly empty plate.
A scene during a hockey game where the goalie is trying to keep the other player from scoring.
A man is cutting dough into small square strips.
A team of fierce canines vigorously haul a sled through snowy conditions.
Two female children are in a bath together.
Chinese-American dressed children dressed in red uniforms are doing a cultural performance in a parade.
A child drinks through a straw at his daycare.
Woman with glasses, plastic gloves, and a lab coat, puts drops in a test tube.
Swans are gathering around a man and a boat.
People sit at a beach watching the water, with a man on a stand labeled Pipe Challenge.
A gentleman in a white lab coat is peering into a microscope.
Basketball player in the orange uniform attempts to block the shot of the player in the white uniform.
2 people, one in white, one in blue in a fighting match
A long-haired man is taking a photo of a beach.
A woman in a park holding a red umbrella jumping in the air.
A little girl posing for the camera, all dressed up.
A tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk.
Two ladies are sitting on something made of concrete, while enjoying a snack.
High school basketball player making a jump shot with two players defending the basket.
Two children, one wearing blue, the other wearing red, competing to get a ball in a game.
No male construction workers in a work area in a city.
A hockey goalie is about to catch a puck.
A man with snowshoes is running through the snow.
A man wearing an extremely short necktie, suspenders, and brightly colored striped socks stands on a stage, doing something with a contraption involving objects which roll back and forth on strings.
Three musicians who are playing to a seated crowd.
A person wearing a blue backpack walks up a snow-covered hill.
A boy in a red shirt is playing with toy boats.
People are looking at pieces on display at a museum.
A woman performs with two hula hoops for a crowd.
Someone wearing rubber gloves cleans dishes in a metal sink.
A young woman jumping her horse in competition near the ocean.
Two male hockey players from opposite teams are posed on the ice rink with their hockey sticks ready.
A motocross rider wearing orange gear is turing a corner on the course.
A college basketball player rises for a jump shot while the opposing player attempts to block the shot.
One guy skiing down a mountain wearing a red ski suit.
A group of men play basketball on a steel and chain link court.
A man jumping to make a basketball shot.
A man wearing glasses sits in the backseat of a car and plays a guitar while looking out the window.
Two players on a field fighting each other.
Two hockey players one in yellow and one in white competing against each other to gain control of the hockey puck.
Two teams playing hockey in a stadium, the team in yellow just scored a point.
A man climes out of a hole in the ice up a wooden ladder.
A child is interacting with an electronics laboratory kit.
An electronic device is being worked on by a woman.
A small child is learning about electricity with wires.
A child is doing an activity involving a circular disk with radiating lines on it ( in red and blue, a glue stick, and cut-out numbers.
Children making crafts at a craft table with one adult.
A little girl making arts and crafts with small umbrellas and corks.
A young boy colors on small sheets of paper.
A young boy and an older man are using a drill on some type of object.
A construction worker on a mechanical lift.
A young girl is taking photographs of the view near forest areas while wearing a summer shirt.
A skier is in the middle of performing a midair trick.
Six people in tank tops and helmets are rollerskating while two referees look on in the background.
A male teacher is instructing his class of young children.
A motor-cross cyclist, dressed in full racing gear, is speeding over the top of a sand dune.
A person jumping high in the air on a snowboard.
A blond woman in a red t-shirt and a blur wristband sings into a microphone against a green background.
A man in yellow pants is snowboarding.
A snowboarder is flying in the air attempting to land on a snow mound.
A male is leaping above white water.
A woman wearing a bright, flowery dress and a black top is sitting on the ground next to a building.
An individual jumps over some dirt ramps on a black and red four-wheeler.
A man trying knock his golf ball that is stuck in a sand trap on a golf course.
A barber is trimming a customer's mustache.
Two female ice skaters, one wearing dark blue bent upwards, and the other wearing light blue bent downwards.
A young woman skates on ice.
A man and a woman dancing alone in the center of a crowd of people at a party.
A man and a woman dance while a crowd looks on.
A man wearing a dark blue t-shirt and blue jeans and a younger woman wearing a red flowered dress are dancing together.
A man in a cowboy hat is singing and playing a guitar.
A young cheerleader is performing with a her squad during a game.
The girl playing baseball is wearing blue and red on a baseball field.
A woman scales a difficult rock face assisted by a rope.
A man in a red shirt is rock climbing.
Two african children with faced painted in orange are posing for a picture in front of a hut.
Five people are falling in the sky with parachutes.
A man with a turquoise vest and black pants sits down in front of a brick monument.
Several adults wearing yellow helmets and life vests are white water rafting.
A packed stadium at the 49ers football game, with troops spreading out a flag.
A small child in yellow and purple is scooping pebbles and dirt into a bucket.
A black man with gray hair, a white shirt, and blue trousers is sleeping.
A man and a woman prepare a meal together in a restaurant kitchen.
A man wearing a headset plays a unique instrument for a group of onlookers.
A man in a black and white uniform is playing ice hockey.
Two dark-skinned children staring while the people behind them mix dust in their floral clothing.
A little African boy looks curiously at an adult white female.
A bicyclist is walking her bike through deep mud in a race.
A man wearing green and black is jumping through the air holding a ball.
A woman wearing a sweatshirt and cap chats with a healthcare provider while receiving intravenous medicine.
Bicyclists ride along with traffic on a town road.
The boy takes his turn through the sprinkler and jumps with joy.
A figure skater twirls on ice.
Two young boys in swim trunks wash a big, brown dog.
A person wearing a hat is sweeping.
A little blond boy wearing a green winter jacket at the beach excitingly looking at the water.
A puppet show consisting of humans standing on tall sticks.
A person wearing a helmet and dirt bike equipment rides a dirt bike over a hill.
A rock band playing a live concert.
An asian man in a striped yellow shirt and shorts carrying some kelp and wading through a flooded area.
A man in a blue shirt is fixing a bicycle wheel.
Performing some bike maintenance, the lady lubricates a frame before assembly is completed.
A man is riding a wakeboard in the ocean.
Two boys at play at a fun center, there are two women in the background laughing.
Two older Asian people carrying a large basket of products that they harvested.
A man is bowling with various national flags displayed at the opposite end on the bowling alley.
A group of bystanders view the Eiffel Tower from a balcony.
A crosscountry runner is running on a trail surrounded by grass and trees.
Hockey players play a game on the ice.
A young man jumping off of a dock in front of a suburban American home.
A young woman is painting an announcement and drawing on a front window.
A blond-haired girl is standing in playing position in front of a bowling lane.
There's a person wearing a black shirt and is playing bowling.
A woman is applying red fingernail polish to her nails.
Young Indian children are gathered around a laptop computer.
A woman who is wearing a peach top and black jeans is bowling by herself.
Two martial artists spar while a referee wearing a tie looks on.
A basketball player in a white uniform is dribbling the basketball against a player in a black uniform.
A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
A young man cleans an animal, while two women look on from the background.
A middle-aged hockey player swerving on the ice
A little boy playing with a mop that is moving quickly, and has many toys in the background.
Five men wearing hats are sitting in a circle playing various horn instruments.
A crowd is watching two women dressed in traditional Asian attire preparing to shoot arrows with their bows.
A man and women in orange on the floor scrubbing.
Young boy in a baseball uniform about to catch a baseball in his glove.
A youth baseball player rounds third as the outfielders retrieve the ball at the fence.
A group of hikers are clustered together on gray rocky terrain bordering the bluish-white ice of a glacier.
A man on a motorcycle surrounded by white sand.
A man wearing a helmet is jumping his bike down a staircase.
Two people on a hockey field fighting.
A young boy is trying on underwear which are too large.
Woman bartender preparing a drink with a pumpkin on the bar
A woman bartender serving her customers with a smile, a dancer is in the background.
A group of people putting on layers of clothes for the cold winter.
A woman in a green top is lifting a metal bowl off of the stove.
A man who is cutting hair.
A man wearing a microphone and two teenagers study something in their hands.
A young woman drawing pictures on a white surface.
A caucasian female hairdresser trims the hair of a young white man wearing a black drape cover.
An Asian woman is cutting another woman's hair
Two people in a yellow kayak are coming toward a larger, white kayak on open water.
Three children are practicing karate.
An older woman with glasses is serving herself Raclette in a rustic looking room.
A group of young men are gathered under a tree.
A woman in black pants and a white shirt is rock climbing.
Three hockey players in red jerseys are standing together holding hockey sticks.
A man with orange shorts and a blue cap is in a tree.
A man playing ping-pong while a child is watching.
Three young girls are looking at a monitor as one of them points to the screen.
Three men have places first, second, and third in an event and are standing on podiums.
Swimmer descending into water performing a flip while several women in background look on.
A guy surfing in the ocean.
Two people in winter clothing and a dog are walking along a beach
A man and woman in a kitchen with plastic cups of wine or champagne.
A man in black oxfords, jeans and a layered green over black shirt, jumps in front of a run down industrial building.
A male street performer walking a tightrope.
Yellow, red, and blue flags fly in the sky as a diver extends fully in midair.
Small child looking at a train set which is positioned within greenery.
A cyclist on his bicycle is wearing an orange and blue bodysuit advertising Rabobank.
A woman wearing a blue and yellow bodysuit is riding a yellow bicycle.
Several people in sweat clothing lay together on a gymnasium floor, while a standing person grasps one of their legs.
Man on snowmobile launching up into the air.
An older man sits and looks at his computer screen with his face in his hands.
A DJ with sunglasses and a red shirt plays music.
Three men wearing white shirts are skateboarding on a road while a man and a woman take pictures from either side of the road.
Person parasailing with a board in the ocean.
Two people go parasailing on the ocean with a beautiful scenic view in the background.
Guy in jeans skateboarding in the middle of the night a warehouse.
Someone dressed as Santa, Mrs. Claus, and two other people are riding in Santa's sleigh, pulled by a horse, through a snow covered city.
A person playing with a rock next to some dirty water.
A group of people wearing blue and white dishdashas all riding orange bicycles.
Men dressed in red and white playing musical instruments.
A man stands outside by himself beside some old buildings and a brick street.
A man is standing in a field with a green plant in it.
Competing girls volleyball players attempt to control the ball in midair.
There are three children in sports uniforms on a soccer field.
A happy Asian family poses for a holiday picture in front of the fireplace.
A older man inside a workshop wearing glasses.
A middle-aged male carpenter uses a drill press in a crowded workshop.
A man in a dark blue car drives past some storage trailers.
A man in a hard hat is working near a dumpster.
Two hockey players are fighting over a goal using their pucks on ice ground.
A man is standing center stage with a microphone as flames shoot upward behind him.
A young man is performing a jump on a skateboard while another young man photographs his stunt.
A man in a black sweater and red shirt plays the trumpet by a tree.
The man is giving the other man a haircut
A small dog is running behind a red ball thrown towards bushes.
A child in a red coat in a snow fort.
A young woman jumps as high as she can to prove a point to her friends.
On the corner you will find a lady sitting on her bags spraying the crown with water as they walk by.
A child wearing a straw hat with a blue band drinking out of a pink cup.
Two people Kayaking on the huge open water.
Two muddy athletes from opposing teams going head to head in a game of rugby while fans watch expectantly.
A small dog tries to catch a red ball.
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass.
A dog jumps to catch a red ball outside.
A man in a blue shirt fixing a bicycle in a yellow room.
A young man performs a skateboard trick over some stairs.
The boy in gray is taking pictures of his friend in the striped sweatshirt doing tricks on his skateboard.
A trio of musicians playing in a bar.
A smiling baby is sitting in a white baby bouncer surrounded by toys.
A skier goes down a slope.
A person on a bike covered in mud from head to toe.
Four people stand in the water looking at a jet ski, while a man fishes nearby.
There are two kids dressed in their white karate suits, standing looking at something or someone.
A teacher and her assistant are helping a group of toddlers with singing or exercising.
A young girl in blue pants and a multicolored striped shirt is jumping in midair.
A band plays while the audience watches them on stage.
A BMX bike rider in red clothing and a helmet is riding his bike next to a wooden fence.
A bride gets out of her car in her white wedding dress.
A bride holding a bouquet of flowers is standing next to a man in a tuxedo.
A bride holds her bouquet and gazes back at the crowd.
A black-haired woman is using her makeup brush on another woman while holding her pinky up.
Female visitor reading map describing the waterway standing before her.
A child in a city square staring out a few large floating bubbles.
Two musicians are playing music in a barn.
As a goalie in a yellow jersey looks up in the distance, a player from the opposing team in a green jersey on his hands and knees has his face in the grass.
A soccer group in green and white dress having a group picture taken.
A man and a woman dressed in semi-formal attire show faces of excitement looking over a table with Jenga blocks scattered over it.
Two cops are sitting on an obnoxiously yellow motorcycle
An older male is playing a guitar on a wheelchair in a city street.
Group of men begin a foot race.
Adults and children are enjoying the pool, some are in the pool and some are sitting around the pool in lounge chairs.
A crowd of young people sit on the grass.
Four women sitting on green outdoor furniture on a patio with a small doghouse in the backdrop.
A woman in a bathing suit exits a pool.
A woman in a black swimming suit is holding onto the edge of a in ground pool.
Shoppers look for Christmas gifts at Harrod's department store.
One man in a red sweatshirt skateboarding while a man in a blue sweatshirt films him.
A handball player prepares to throw in a sea of defenders.
Looking through the window of an Asian barber shop while a few customers have their haircut.
A person wearing a blue shirt and khaki pants climbing in a tree.
A little girl cuddles a kitten while she looks at Christmas presents and an older woman looks on.
Two young men are running through the grass in the fall.
A volleyball game and a man in yellow and blue uniform spiked the ball over the net past three defenders in red uniforms.
A church choir is performing a Christmas carol while a projector in the background displays the lyrics.
A man with braided hair and a beard is standing in front of a building and is talking or singing into a microphone.
Two men perform music on the street in front of a brick building.
A family looking out a window watching crowds of people holding umbrellas in the daylight.
A girl in a bathing suit, swim cap and goggles.
A girl is pointing to a spot on a map in a park.
A woman wearing a white blouse is getting a portrait done of her.
A little girl is on a playground swing while a redheaded man in a green sweatshirt stands by.
A smiling woman in red pops the cork of a bottle with a boy looking on.
Children in a classroom are lined up with their hands on each other's backs, forming a train.
A young boy eating chocolate ice cream with a spoon.
A woman wearing a bikini swims underwater.
Two men are playing professional hockey
The intensity of a moment during an ice hockey game.
A young lady smiling in a pool.
A woman kissing the cheek of a young boy in a black sleeveless t-shirt.
The group of people are assembling for a wedding.
A bunch of kids in a classroom not doing any work.
An orchestra is playing at an outdoor venue.
Two male musicians on stage, wearing t-shirts and one is playing the guitar, the other is singing.
Indian women playing musical chairs with white woman.
A group of Caucasian people are singing and holding music books to help guide them.
5 children japanese with bows practicing in front of sensei.
An african american carving images into a plank of wood.
A young man dunks a basketball.
A man lays in the snow while a girl stands next to him.
A rider stands for a moment above his dirk bike.
A young girl in her swimsuit is getting ready to compete.
A man in a hat and an apron works on a bicycle.
Man with green hat and white shirt having tea with a man wearing a black hooded jacket and glasses.
Two guys are having a lunch of sandwiches and chips.
Two soccer teams on a field one team dressed in blue an white the other dressed in white and blue.
A guy holding his laundry against the wall, while talking on his cellphone.
There are four kids practicing what appears to be karate.
Two women stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays
Three girls jump into the air with expressions of excitement.
Four workmen in hard hats stand together at a work site.
An old gentleman plays music on the street for money with a young boy by his side.
A football player wearing black attempts to tackle a football player wearing white.
A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.
Three men conversing on a bench in a museum.
A young girl wearing a bathing suit and goggles sits and waits.
A girl with brown hair setting up a light for a show.
An Asian man in a jacket, glasses, and sandals is at a high altitude aiming a gun.
A male standing in the mountains holding a gun.
A woman dressed in black and a man dressed in white are pushing a garbage can.
A surfer in a wetsuit rides a wave.
A young woman playing guitar and singing on a stage.
Two men, one dressed in blue shirt and pants and one dressed in purple shirt and black pants are creating pottery.
A gymnast is balancing between two rails using one arm and his legs are in the air.
A group of men playing an outdoor sport.
A young snowboarder catches some air on his black snowboard.
Five photographers take pictures while one works on their equipment.
An Asian kickboxer is in the middle of kicking his opponent in the ring at a Mohegan Sun casino.
Two young men in a martial arts ring participate for a crowd.
A man in a green shirt and black shorts has jumped into the air and is about to throw a red and white ball.
A man riding a black snowboard jumps as people in the background look on.
Two very young children, with paint marks on them, paint a very Red and Yellow canvas.
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.
A male riding a blue jet ski is airborne after going over a wave in the ocean.
A man snowboarding down a hill.
A surfer in a wetsuit catches a nice wave to ride.
A man actively surfing a wave.
A young girl, wearing her team uniform, is preparing to hit a ball, as another girl watches.
A lonely man sits in a harbor playing the accordion.
An individual in black and white clothing and a mask is in the foreground of a group of children.
Performers in bright costumes and masks stand before an Asian crowd.
Spectators sit in the audience at a hockey game while a photographer takes pictures from a box in between the opposing teams.
Two ladies, seen from behind, one looking through a coin-operated telescope
Two women with black dresses and red tops are standing next to a fence smiling.
A biker is fixing his tire on a sunny day
Skateboarder jumps off a 5 ft cliff, performing a stunt.
A quarterback passes a football during an NFL game.
One man is performing a martial arts move on another man in a gymnasium.
Two children play Jenga on a wooden floor.
A young boy is sitting on a beach filling a water bottle with sand.
A woman and child are sitting on a log washing clothes.
Basketball players playing in front of a small audience
5 basketball players trying to get the ball.
Two teams of men are playing basketball on a court in an empty stadium.
A person with short blond-hair and glasses looks confused, while standing in front of many portraits.
Penn State basketball player, number 11 shoot for the basket with ball just leaving his fingertips.
Commentators and broadcasters at there both in an arena before the game.
A younger couple sitting closely to one another while enjoying a 3d flick.
A group of people standing over a table.
A man wearing a white shirt and blue shorts is leaning over a canoe at the end of a dock.
A man sleeps outside using his bookbag as a pillow.
Boat on the waters of Vienna being rowed by men wearing striped shirts.
The man dressed in running clothes walks along the street.
A man is lying down next to a river and smoking a cigarette.
Two young people engage in a friendly snowball fight.
A girl with a number 3 on her shirt is walking across a gymnasium floor.
A person rollerskating while wearing knee-pads, helmet, and wrist-guards.
A basketball player dressed in white watches his opponent, who is dressed in black, dribble a basketball down the court during a game with spectators.
Man posing for a picture with his girlfriend.
While playing soccer, a man in yellow starts to fall, while a man in white trips over him, stepping on his ankle in the process.
A biker is riding a bike in the forest.
A man is riding a BMX bike with a forest in the background.
A woman is running a marathon in a park.
A light-blue shirted athlete gets ready to receive the pass in the midst of his gray shirted opponents.
Two seniors and a woman set a table.
A person in a Santa outfit is greeting children outside a building while the parents watch on.
A little girl is helped with her toys.
A man, in mid-swing, playing cricket wearing a complete cricket uniform at a sports club.
A pitcher standing at the mound is making a throw.
A group of young men dressed in purple are preparing to catch a fellow teammate.
A man with a yellow-green jersey kicking a soccer ball.
Three people on a hockey ring playing some form of game.
Two individuals enjoying a practice of an unidentified sliding game.
A group of divers rescue a man in the water.
Men brushing ice to move the weight to the target.
A man with long curly hair grimacing as a man uses a clipper on his beard.
Two researchers are looking into a microscope surrounded by complex machinery.
A man hammering a nail on a piece of wood in bare feet.
A man on a yellow and green surfboard near shore.
A driver in racing gear and a helmet is driving a sleek, blue motorcycle.
Three people, two men and one woman are riding in a boat.
A snowboarder is grinding on a rail in a snowy, mountainous area.
The children with Santa hats are happily dancing around the Christmas tree.
A young boy on rollerskates jumps over a blue barrel.
A person on a bicycle jumping over a dirt hill.
A little brown-haired girl up in a tree.
A construction worker helps align the cement plate on the road.
Three mariachi band members play in a grass yard.
A person wearing a pink shirt, riding a bike on a dirt trail.
A basketball player prepares to throw the ball in a game at the school gym.
A group of people playing music in public on unique instruments.
A group of people are standing around eating as a man in a white jacket points his finger.
Man in black shirt and brown-haired woman sniffing contents of bottle.
One blue team and one white team are competing to win a sports game.
Three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch
A brown dog and a white dog are running across a stony hillock.
This man is working with an I-pad.
A mountain bike racer on a dirt road during a race
A woman with a red shirt and goggles on operates an orange drill.
An male in a white t-shirt and denim shorts skateboarding down a path.
A man skateboarding in the street with his arms raised.
Girl in the kitchen mixing batter in a bowl for waffles.
A late night food stand takes the customers order.
A woman feeds cake to an elderly man at a wedding celebration.
A group of female athletes are huddled together and excited.
Four young boys line up at the starting line to run a race
A man and a dog are playing tug-of-war.
A little girl in a white sundress smiles and slides down a blue slide.
A demonstration in the middle of a crowded airport.
A group of people in yellow and black uniforms performing in front of a large crowd.
Panel representatives sitting on a stage in an auditorium.
A man wearing yellow smiles to the camera as he poses with a turkey coming out of the oven.
A man is riding a tiny motorcycle through a busy market.
A dirt-bike racer taking a hard turn on a dirt course with one onlooker in the background.
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne.
A man reads the paper on a deck under some trees.
A male and female team of rollerskaters are in costume and performing in a competition.
Latino man holding sign on the sidewalk outside promoting Quiznos-Subs.
A man is trying to grab his ladder standing on scaffolding.
A man walking on boards while holding onto a large ladder leaning against a house.
Two boys play with large sticks in the yard.
A person is catching a wave on a surfboard in the ocean on a clear sunny day.
A woman is reading a newspaper on the subway.
Two people are working at a coffee shop
A blond tennis player in action on a grass court.
A blond headed lady is walking in front of a group of three people.
Four ladies and one man practicing music in a living room.
A smiling girl is wearing a Speedo swimming suit, goggles and cap with her hands on her forehead.
A young man in the street doing a skateboard trick.
A man dressed in athletic gear and sunglasses sits in a boat, paddling with a large oar.
Aaron Rodgers smiles at Donald Driver standing in the end zone.
A female swimmer with goggles and a cap does the backstroke.
A shirtless man lies on the street.
A small brick alley with a man walking at the end
Workers moving bricks from a white and green truck.
This man in the kayak is think this kayak is way too small for him.
A man waterskiing and being splashed by the water.
A basketball player hangs from a basketball hoop by his feet, laughing and talking to a referee in front of a crowd.
An event takes place at a Japanese temple.
A young Asian boy, wearing pajamas, is seated on the floor by the bed watching an insect made of Legos.
Two men are trying to align their telescope that is positioned in a field.
A guy without a shirt on climbing up the side of a rock.
A boy is playing soccer on a playground.
Two men sit on top of a weathered fort-like structure next to the sea, fishing.
A runner splashes through a big puddle in the forest.
A group of people taking pictures on a walkway in front of a large body of water.
A man wearing jersey number 39 is playing hockey.
Three people stand with fishing poles on the rocks near the water.
Teacher in front of class reading a book aloud to elementary school children.
A young women sits in front of her computer and tries to study the fine print on a paper with the aid of a doctor's spotlight attached to her head.
Two men in black celebrating on a tennis court opposite two men in white.
Three cricket players are in action on a very green field with palm trees in the background.
A man singing and playing acoustic guitar in a public area.
A person in a rainbow colored snowsuit is snowboarding down a snowy slope.
A young man being awarded a medal and it being hung around his neck.
A male runner in an orange and white t-shirt and black shorts is sprinting down the track.
A man is carrying many large bags that are hooked onto a pole.
Shirtless young man rock climbing up the face of cliff looking for the next handhold.
A man is climbing a boulder over a body of water.
A large woman with a pink feather boa strolls down the sidewalk.
A scientist really deep into his experiment.
A group of young high school or college students are smiling while performing a science experiment involving beakers and the transfer of liquids
Hopefully when I mix these I 'll still have eyebrows.
Two females are in a chemistry classroom; one is pouring a solution into a beaker.
A pro cyclist in blue, yellow and white biking clothes.
A dinner party is occurring with numerous people who are all wearing crowns and eating food at a candle lit dining room.
A man, walking his pomeranian, is giving a biker directions.
A black and white dog jumping out of the water and a brown dog shaking off.
Two soccer players fall to the ground near the ball.
A black girl in a purple jacket is looking at a book, as she sits on a colorful chair.
A very cute ring bearer is reluctantly being kissed by the flower girl.
The University of Iowa's Hawkeyes football team, scores a goal in the end zone against the Michigan State Spartans.
Man is determined to bike his way to the finish!
One woman is riding a bicycle in the foreground with other bicyclists in the background.
Several men in green and red uniforms are playing soccer.
A Caucasian boy in yellow and African-American girl in purple are by orange lockers.
The man in a red shirt is being lifted by his teammates.
A woman wearing white pulls blocks of cheese off of a conveyor.
A man dressed all in pink rides a bicycle in a race.
A football team's player in the blue and gold uniform is running down the 30 yard line towards the end zone.
A man is working out in the outdoors.
A middle-aged man is appalled as someone wants him to try a skewer with some odd fish on it.
A woman on a bike racing.
A few men running a marathon with a crowd cheering them on.
An old man, sweating, holds his face in his hand.
A man in blue with his mouth open beside a medical apparatus.
A husky women with a red hat, directs traffic.
A cross guard helps people get across the street.
Texas A&amp;M's Ryan Tannehill is nearly sacked by an Iowa State player.
One man in a dress dances as another man stands by a ladder and faces the other way.
These two men are going for the ball at a soccer match.
There is a group of nine young women wearing long black dresses holding folders, standing on metal bleachers and singing in front of a group of people.
A Texas A&amp;M football player running with the ball.
Three men playing football where one guy wearing a red uniform is holding the football, the second guy wearing a red uniform and the third guy wearing a white uniform.
A woman is jumping in the air on a tree-lined trail on an autumn day.
A man wearing blue, holding two fishing poles with one pointing upward and the other one in the water with fish being caught.
Mr. Soccer player of the green team attempts a shot.
Two men playing hockey, with one on the ground and the other spraying him with ice.
An older man is skydiving.
A young man in his boxers making a funny face and putting his jeans on.
A man in a kayak resting on top of a diving board.
A boy throws an object in front of a glass building.
A woman with bucket cleaning a public seating area.
A girl wearing blue pants and a shirt with a hood is seen flying up above nearly two feet from the ground holding a glass which she has removed from the dishwasher.
Several people walking down the sidewalk carrying stuff to their next destination.
A woman is wearing a red see through fabric over her head.
Two boys in karate uniforms are sparring on a padded mat.
Two women competing in martial arts event at a gym.
A woman selling food items by the roadside.
In the kitchen of a fancy restaurant, a fine dish has been prepared by the staff.
Two people are playing water volleyball and one teammate is bracing another.
Aggressive actions are happening by the goal in this hockey game.
Group of ballerinas in white tutus get ready to dance
A man in a cap kneels down and bends forward to examine a chainsaw.
The three field hockey players dressed in orange make for the ball.
A woman in a green shirt holding a cigarette spreads her arms apart in a gesture.
A couple are kissing while someone takes a photo of them.
Woman in blue shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
The red team chases the ball during the girls' soccer game.
Two men boxing in a boxing match in a ring one has red shorts the other one has white shorts both in fighting stanza.
The young child sits upon the rocks at the park.
A man in a blue swimsuit jumps from a cliff into the water while another man watches.
Two players face each other during a nighttime football game.
A football coach wearing a white shirt and black visor has his arm around one of his players on the sidelines.
Two soccer referees wait on benches with trees in the background.
The Houston Texans quarterback holds a football against the Minnesota Vikings while his running back moves towards the ball.
Several women running in a race, while the crowd looks on.
A male wearing a hat is skateboarding in front of a graffiti covered wall.
Kenyan female running in a marathon.
A young adult reads a book at the laundromat as he waits for his laundry to be done.
A marathon runner jogs past pedestrians and portable toilets.
A performance is being put on by many girls in white.
Three male friends in shorts stand together having a conversation.
A woman sitting on a piece of cloth surrounded by dirt and is working on a piece of cloth
A white, male, professional biker riding on the countryside.
A group of women are running in a competition.
Marathon runner focused on the run.
A tennis player is hitting a tennis ball with all his might.
A gymnast is wearing a leotard and doing a handstand.
Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.
A man sweeping the stairs down from his house.
Two swimmers in the water, each in his own lane, gathering a breath mid-stroke.
A bicyclist is pushing hard to complete a race.
A race car zips by on the racetrack.
People riding their bikes in a race.
Several men cycling down a hallway in an event on a sunny day.
A woman in oriental clothes poses on a green mat.
A man in a black shirt and green plaid kilt throws a long wooden spear, as several men spectate from the sidelines.
A group of men wearing kilts throwing a long wooden stick.
There are two kilted men, one of them older and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drum.
A man is blowing into a long pipe
A boys soccer game is taking place, and one boy in a white jersey is kicking the ball.
A kerchief-wearing man is sweeping debris at an event.
A woman and a young man laughing in a bedroom.
People are eating at a restaurant, some are eating while others are ordering.
A black, red, and white race car zooms by on a gray track with a blue border, sharply in focus compared to a blurred crowd in the foreground.
A baseball player is throwing a pitch from the mound.
Two men posing for a picture while getting ready to have a drink.
A baseball pitcher throws a ball.
A pitcher just got done throwing the ball towards the batter on a baseball field.
Crowds seem to appreciate the effort of the boys on stage.
Ready and set as two hockey players on the ice wait with sticks out in front of them, anticipating the puck.
A group of people stand on a moving sidewalk.
A young boy with blue hair and large blue eyes brushes his teeth
A photographer capturing a skateboarder mid trick.
A man lifts up a woman in a pink dress during a dance at a performance.
A woman is at a gym exercising on a treadmill.
A child is playing on the beach splashing water everywhere.
A male snowboarder catches some air and does a trick.
A person on a bicycle is riding on a dirt road in the woods.
A boy wearing safety glasses uses a soldering iron on a piece of electronics.
A water polo event takes place with a yellow ball in a swimming pool.
A male lab worker with glasses is examining something using a microscope.
A man wearing brown pants and a striped t-shirt juggling 3 white pins.
Two people fence and one loses his shoe.
Two men battling each other in fencing.
Two athletes are fencing at a fencing competition.
A football ceremony in a crowded stadium with the team preparing to bow and take pictures.
A woman wearing a blue skirt is on a walkway looking at a body of water.
A little boy with brown hair and a sweater is smiling mischievously by some flowers and plants.
Two teams, one wearing black uniforms and one wearing blue striped uniforms are running down a sports field.
A military surgical team, one in camouflage, is performing an operation in a field hospital.
A couple, wearing black, burgundy, and white, dance.
A child looks through a microscope while and adult stands at the edge of a table.
A red squirrel on a tree branch with yellow leaves in the background.
A man in orange and white rides his mountain bike through a forest.
A young man in s green and white striped shirt playing roller hockey.
A lady in a red shirt with red-hair laugh while throwing a pillow over her left shoulder.
Two people, a man and a woman, are sitting outside.
A performer is jumping off the stage into a crowd of fans.
A very fit woman runs with foliage in the background.
Photojournalist on a motorcycle, following marathon runners, one wearing a green shirt and shoes, the other fluorescent orange with blue shoes.
A group of female swimmers dive into a swimming pool.
A female swimmer coming up for air as she does the butterfly stroke.
Two young children dressed as Spider Man are going down a slide.
A man in a green jersey and rollerskates stumbles as a man in a black jersey appears to collide with him.
A sailing boat with many people sails on water.
Two toddlers a boy and girl are coloring at the table with their crayola crayons and some paper.
An Ohio State team mascot performs on the field.
A young red-haired woman uses a scope to scout out shooting targets on a gun range.
2 young boys in peewee football game
A football player is attempting to tackle a player on the opposing team who is running with the ball.
Two women admire the suspension bridge from the side.
A few people are in a classroom standing in the back of the room while one sits at a desk.
A couple standing in the outdoors embracing and looking over the land.
Two women sitting on a black sofa with clothes and a purse in between them.
Three children writing intently in a classroom.
Beautiful dancer in a red skirt and she is striking a pose with her legs in the air.
Young female volleyball team stand on the sidelines to prepare.
The pretty lady in white is ballet dancing in front of a large, beautiful fountain.
A girl's volleyball team is having a game.
An elderly gentleman attempting repairs on an inverted bicycle next too a silver vehicle.
Two people are competing in a motorcycle race.
Two teams of men, one team in blue and the other in camouflage uniform are skating.
RollerSkaters battle it out on the concrete.
A football player prepares to toss the football as the rest of his team watches.
Some football players on the sidelines watching their fellow a teammates start a play.
A man dressed in a black and gold over coat rides a black and white horse.
A group of girls stand in a football field and pose for the camera.
A scientist in a lab coat is using a microscope.
An older man is tending to a garden.
A man riding a red and white bike on sunny day.
A boy is leaning against a brick wall near some trees.
A blond girl wearing a black and white boa poses for the camera at a very crowded venue.
A person in SCUBA gear poses in front of a vast expanse of water.
A man and a woman smiling while watching someone prepare creme brulee dessert in front of them.
Four young boys playing soccer and chasing a white and red soccer ball.
A person, in a kitchen, is holding an egg on top of a bowl with rice in it.
A man operating a jet-ski does a flip in the water, and is seen upside down.
A man in a red helmet rollerblades near the beach with two dogs on a leash.
Three guys in red uniforms celebrating a goal in a soccer game.
A person wearing a wetsuit rides a jet ski into a wave.
A man and woman holding hands in front of a lake.
Two men dressed in Red Bull merchandise are celebrating by opening drinks together at an event.
A baby is getting his teeth brushed.
Television cameras set up to record an even at a theater.
A man is walking across a soccer field dressed in red and white.
A man riding a bicycle in a field.
Two people are on a boat in water.
Five young children are engaged in a game of soccer.
Little girl wearing a purple hat sitting under a shopping cart in a grocery store.
A man is taking on the role of dealer and is sitting at a card table.
An elderly woman is using a spinning wheel to create fabric.
A young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on.
A man making balloon and enjoy.
Young punk rock guitarist, wearing a red lined jacket with a badge, is in front of foggy blue and purple lighting.
A brightly dressed child is walking in a lake.
A man in a yellow jumpsuit is standing on a podium accepting a trophy next to a man in a red and with jumpsuit.
Five children are on a soccer court headed towards the goal.
Two men standing on a medium sized fishing boat in the ocean, as the sun sets behind them.
A woman is using a cheese grater.
A young blond-haired man laughs as he takes off his shirt in a public setting as spectators look on.
Local electric worker stringing up some wiring.
A baby is chewing on his fingers while wearing a blue striped outfit.
A woman with short blond-hair is trying to fix her hair
An elderly man with a beard in a dark suit is walking through a rainy city.
Two people competing in a fencing competition.
A man in a beige suit is sitting at a wooden table with five children and drawing pictures.
A man riding a skateboard up an inclined ramp.
Soccer players on a field with a ball going into the net.
Two cars involved in racing are running very close.
Two men are sitting on a white couch in a white room using separate laptops.
Two boys jumping and getting air over a ravine with mountain bikes.
Three people on bikes on a dirty hill, one is in the air.
A mother helps her daughter dress for a special occasion
A man climbing a cliff with a forest in the background.
A man stands in a church while people around him watch.
A little boy is climbing on the monkey bars at a playground.
Two people are wearing helmets and sunglasses on a sunny day.
A man attempts to ski on the one last patch of snow left on the hill.
A guy with a black helmet, riding a mountain bike.
During a rugby match, players from both sides race for the loose ball as teammates look on.
Two women dressed in black are leaning backwards on tables of white.
A crowd cheering and passing streamers in a stadium while a blue flag waves.
A man with glasses holding a statue's tail.
A person places uncooked hamburger patties on a charcoal grill.
Orange motorcycle racing around a bend in a racetrack.
A dog jumping high into the air in the country.
A racer celebrates his victory by holding is trophy and being showered by champagne.
A man dressed in a long-sleeved, button up blue shirt, and a black and silver baseball cap is holding a phone to his ear.
An old man is sewing clothing on a sidewalk.
A woman in a black shirt and khaki pants sits on the floor pulling on brown high-heeled boots over pink and red socks with hearts on them.
Little boy in jeans, red striped shirt and sneakers, sitting on tree branch.
In this picture, two girls are doing karate.
An official consults with a competitor at a martial arts event.
Military men in white uniforms are standing side by side.
Two men in protective gear are sawing through metal.
A small green car with the number 63 on the door races on a track.
Two girls in bikinis playing a volleyball on the beach
A referee raises the hand of a wrestler wearing green while a wrestler wearing blue looks on.
A man in black is standing outside a museum and pointing to it.
A man is standing up and spinning a piece of pottery on his pottery wheel.
A mountain biker hops over an obstacle.
A woman in a black shirt sits in front of a very large piece of art in a huge room.
A man enjoying the day by the water, waiting to give out balloons.
2 people engaged in samurai style combat in a gymnasium.
Children in a classroom with stuffed animals.
Three men wearing hard hats and safety gear are on a boat and a bridge is in the background.
Several workers standing on and around a ladder.
A dark-haired boy wearing a green t-shirt plays in a water fountain while two other people watch him.
A man wearing a blue uniform working on mechanics.
A person, crouching on a surfboard, is surfing in a body of water.
Three men are working on a bicycle, which has been positioned upside down.
A male biker jumping a ramp in a contest or crossing the finish line.
An athlete is jumping over a hurdle.
A track and field athlete running on a red track in an urban city with many spectators watching.
A runner hurdles over an obstacle.
A man wave surfing high in the air, out in the ocean.
A skateboarder does a trick at a skate park.
A man in a gray shirt adds grout to tile.
A defensive football player attempts tackling an offensive football player holding a football.
A young boy chases a soccer ball that is in bouncing away from him.
Two secretaries are conversing at the front desk in a hotel.
Several men climbing a pole as a crowd watches them.
A little girl is brushing her teeth.
A woman is playing the violin and singing at the same time while sitting in a chair.
Women on a swing ride at an amusement park.
A group of seven individuals wearing rafting gear, white water raft down a river.
A group of people are on a work boat that is in the water.
Three people are riding longboards down a hill in full leather suits and helmets.
Man sitting atop oil rig on machine working.
Two police officers stand on the sidewalk as the occupant of the car looks at them.
Two people taking pictures and looking at a beautiful scene by the water.
A person of Asian descent is wearing a blue and black warrior-like outfit, and people are in the background.
A young woman looks into a microscope.
A woman wearing a brown shirt looks through a microscope while others are standing next to her.
A cameraman is filming another man in a green shirt on a beach.
A woman slowly designs a bowl with her hands with a clay spinner.
Band plays on stage with Weezer symbol in the background.
A roller-skating woman in red and black socks and a black shirt is elbowing another skater out of her way.
A woman is on horseback, jumping over a wall made of twigs and metal.
A horse and jockey dash across a river with a bridge full of observers in the background.
People are watching a jockey ride a horse.
A man in a blue jersey is crossing home plate at a baseball game.
A number of men ride elephants through a muddy river.
A man wearing a wife-beater sings into a microphone as a blue light shines on him.
A man with his hats put on sideways is using a microphone.
A little girl smiles as she wears a white bowl on the top of her head.
Repairing the roof of a school on the coastline.
An Asian man wearing silver armor over tan clothes underneath, holding a weapon aloft in his right hand mounted on a horse which is also adorned with silver armor.
This is a young guy reaching for a falcon on a perch.
Two young girls write with chalk near a body of water.
Two men are practicing dance moves while a lady takes a photo.
A man in a denim jacket and sandals fixing his bicycle.
Children and adults rollers skate in a skate park.
A woman dressed in a gray shirt playing a horse racing game.
A man is performing a trick on a water board.
A man is riding a motorbike and is being watched by a crowd.
Four children in a fake egg having fun.
The football player in brown is running with the ball from the players in white.
Hockey goalie in red jersey ready to block a shot.
A black lady in traditional dress with a basket balanced on her head walking down a beach crowded with sunbathers.
A BMX cyclist is doing a stunt on a riverbank across the river from a factory.
Two young stylish people walk enthusiastically down a city street at night.
Three quarterbacks warming up before the game.
Four men are playing soccer, two in white jerseys, one in a red jersey and a goalie in the background.
At the crowded outdoor venue, a singer gestures to the fans.
A little kid with food all over her face in a highchair.
A runner is caught running in the middle of a race.
It looks as though the player in burgundy just kicked the soccer ball over #5's head.
Two soccer players, one wearing red and one wearing blue, playing soccer against each other.
One young man is holding a hammer above a scared young man while another watches.
Veteran rocker is performing a tribute in the deadly hot sun.
A group of girls in blue and white uniforms are in a circle and raising their hands.
A hockey player attempting to score a goal
Children, some in red and some in neon yellow, are playing soccer.
A man in a yellow shirt is running in a race.
Two football teams, one in yellow and white, the other in blue and white, play football.
Yellow uniformed football players watching their teammate kick off.
Bearded black dressed male performer is displaying his skill by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs.
A group of young men are playing basketball outdoors.
A person riding a surfboard on a big wave.
High school football player scooping up a fumble.
A man putting on some shorts in a room with some other people.
Four football players walk across a field holding their helmets above their head.
Members of the Baltimore Orioles celebrating after a win.
A young boy in a gown mixing paint with odd colored pants.
A woman in a hairnet looks at a sample under a microscope.
A man drives a vintage race car around the track.
A scene from a competitive marathon, including several participants, down a crowd-lined city street.
Marathon runner Izabella running while being followed by a crowd of people in costumes.
A grand master and students in a martial arts class bow towards each other in a gesture of respect for each other and the sacred art.
A man running down a crowd lined street in a marathon.
A white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is quickly approaching the goal box.
A street worker wearing bright orange safety gear picks up trash along the street.
A group of teenage boys in yellow and blue football uniforms are being sprayed with water.
A female volleyball player sets the ball.
Two volleyball players against the net trying to block a shot from the other team.
A female hitting a volleyball with two hands.
A girls volleyball game in which one team is wearing predominantly white shirts and the other is wearing green shirts.
One man kite surfing in the ocean.
Several soccer players stand by in a brown, grassy, rural field with a building in the background.
A blond volleyball player reaches up to hit the ball.
The bicyclists approached the left turn in a pack during the race.
Two girls hugging in front of a giant American flag.
A young female african american child sitting on a swing with both arms holding the chains on the swing.
People gather at a vintage ice cream truck to receive traditional ice cream.
New York Yankee's baseball player hitting a baseball a home plate.
A baseball player, with the catcher and umpire shown behind him, is about to hit the ball.
A biker in a white helmet is riding on top of some sand by a fence.
A group of guys set together having a good time while enjoying a drink.
A volleyball game where to two boys that are in trying for the ball, for their team.
Dirty blond man with tattoos is playing a guitar.
A group of people on a green field are jumping up and down.
A woman with long hair walking through a meadow
A bike rider, in full protective gear, is suspended in midair above a field of dirt and grass.
Five ladies dressed in vibrant colors having fun dancing.
A professional soccer player in light blue is challenging another soccer player in blue and red stripes for the ball.
A surfer in midair on his board in the ocean.
1 man singing and 1 man playing a saxophone in a concert.
A blue restaurant that sits in the water.
A man in a blue hat and an apron carving wooden figurines.
A woman singing into a microphone.
A bicycle rider in a race being followed by a police officer on a motorcycle.
Bikers compete in a long winded endurance test.
A motocross racer in green rounds a corner and stirs up dirt for the crowd.
Fast bicycle race in a foreign country.
Colorful yellow seats with a sparse crowd line up behind four soccer players trying to go after a ball.
A man shooting a bow and arrow at a target.
A man wearing a bathing cap and goggles is swimming in a river.
Brightly colored kayaks carrying two people each are paddled down a tree lined river.
Four men playing golf on the putting green of a hole on a sunny day.
Young men are watching a woman walk down stairs.
A woman is playing for the USA volleyball team, spiking the ball over the net.
A cook works hard as he takes food out of the oven.
The worker concentrates on his task as a gardener as he trims the hedges with care.
Two men working in a bicycle shop.
A man on the street making a painting from a photo.
Two competitive cyclists ride through a corridor.
The woman is holding a grocery bag as several children look into it.
A man is playing Frisbee in the park.
Two cyclists competing in a road race being urged on by the crowd lining the racecourse.
Players at football game gather around referee in preparation for action.
A football team in maroon jerseys takes the field while cheerleaders cheer them on.
A crowd of bicyclists rides down a street, with onlookers on either side.
Singer Avril Lavigne is crouched on one knee, holding a microphone.
A bearded man talks on the phone while looking content.
A man in jean overalls holds onto the leads of a horse hooked onto a pulling system with another horse.
A cricket player winds up to pitch the ball.
A group of people, at the beach, on a sunny day.
Two men working together to carve ice sculpture.
A group of older people playing a variety of instruments while sitting at a table.
A policeman hugging a woman on the street.
An umpire and a catcher diligently wait for the batter's next missed ball.
A man giving a speech in front of a crowd.
A woman in a black dress and hat rides a unicycle in front of a crowd.
A boy prepares to play some basketball while listening to his favorite music.
A woman wearing a green headscarf laughs while a woman in the background paddles a boat.
Two older men are wearing outdoor clothing while using binocular devices.
A boy wearing blue short standing on the traffic signal pole.
A woman with black hair and a weird outfit on.
A Caucasian male performing a water board trick in a lake with trees in the background.
On a snowy day, a child in a red coat touches a dinosaur statue.
Two females, one in a dark blue shirt and the other in a white shirt, are playing lacrosse.
This male team is running down the dirt road with there canoe.
A woman with green knee pads is skating inside a cement hole.
Two soccer players, one in red and the other in yellow, battle for a soccer ball.
Two cyclists, in yellow, are competing in a race.
Tourists observe a geographic landmark through viewfinders.
At the beach, a man is laying on his stomach and reading a book while a woman in a polka-dot bikini sunbathes.
A man trying hard to finish a race
A man is racing an unusual type of bike with many people watching him.
A child looking through a telescope on a playground.
A dancer wearing white shirt and shorts is photographed by a man also wearing white.
A man is posing next to stacks of cowboy hats.
A happy older couple share a dance while a younger dancing woman looks on.
Friends are showing off a new drink.
A man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background.
A woman in a pharmacy looks through a stack of papers.
There is a biker riding a bike in midair in an outdoor setting.
A girl in a gray t-shirt is sitting in a chair.
Two men, one who is drinking a beer, are sitting, smiling at the camera.
Man in a green shirt waving while walking.
An older man wearing a turban sits on the ground while holding a large rock.
Three children in the ocean next to a sailboat.
A group of people on the ice and one sawing a hole in it.
A man playing the guitar while smoking a cigarette.
A large group of people sitting on a pier overlooking a lake.
A man unsafely standing on a ladder painting a wall.
A man is skateboarding in a park, and he is on a wall, and there are other skateboarders in the background.
A man playing guitar in front of a microphone.
Two men, one with the number 13 jersey and one with the number 24, are playing baseball.
A baseball pitcher is throwing a pitch.
Two teenage females, floating on water while inside giant plastic balls.
Walking and talking and turning trees to mulch.
A man in a blue uniform jumps in the air to shoot a basketball.
Herds of bikers race by the spectators.
Two men are playing a sport similar to soccer, with one in red trying to pass the defender in blue.
A runner wearing purple strives for the finish line.
A young female student, wearing an owl t-shirt, works on an experiment by filling her test tubes.
A chemistry student is eyeballing the contents as it sits on a weight scale.
Two teams playing against each other, one red and one blue with two members squaring off.
The goalie is fleeing the defender to try to get the ball to a teammate.
A male and female wearing lab glasses are working with vials in a lab.
A man holding a steel rod forges a fire.
A football player is calling a time out while his teammates prepare to play football.
A female performer is barefoot and performing in front of a crowd.
At a crowded baseball game, the hitter leans backwards gripping his bat as the ball lands in the catcher's mitt.
A college student is looking at papers in a messy dorm room.
A man with a black hat, a pair of glasses, and a long white beard sits next to a painting of himself.
A person riding a bike in the dirt.
Three bicyclists wearing protective gear while racing down a steep man made slope.
Two girls competing in a motocross race talking at the starting line.
Football players dressed in yellow, blue, and white uniforms are playing against other players dressed in gold, and blue in a stadium.
Child in red shirt waits in line along with many other people.
A girl in a blue shirt sits in a salon chair getting her hair done by the stylist.
A child wearing a pirates costume holds up a skull and crossbones sign.
A woman with a tennis racket is bending down, with graffiti in the background.
A young woman wearing cycling attire turns backward
A crowd is assembled and cheering for an on stage performance.
Very poor people in a foreign country playing a game to entertain themselves with what they have.
Two men, one dressed in official clothing, stand on a boat.
A football team is playing, the yellow team has the ball.
A boy at a skate park wearing a blue helmet inline skates on a small railing.
A woman wearing a headscarf is working with her hands.
A civil war reenactment with cannon teams firing cannons.
A man in a black shirt eating delicious food.
Two boys, one in a white and the other in a brown shirt, play a video game while a third looks at a bag.
The young girl happily plays in the tree.
A game of Carcassonne is being played on a table while one guy considers his move.
Young boy encounters other children, also riding bikes.
A man is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle
Five people walk across a sport field, one man is wearing a moose hat.
A crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium.
A little girl lies on a rug, coloring.
A woman is bowling barefoot as 2 people in the background head toward the video games.
A soccer game is being played.
Lots of people at a swap meet in a parking lot.
The stadium is filled with spectators viewing a sporting event.
A man in a green shirt carries a flag in the midst of a group of people.
An animal is attempting to cross the river.
A long-haired, shirtless man with face paint is playing a bass guitar at a concert.
A man on a cellphone is getting his shoes shined by another man wearing a blue uniform.
A mother and two young children sit on a couch that is outside on the curb.
A little girl and lady brushing her teeth.
A group of young people wearing bathing suits are standing on a cliff over the water, with one of them ready to jump in the water below.
Four people are rowing in a canoe on a calm peaceful lake.
A musician in the streets is wearing a pair of shorts and styling a mohawk.
Two people stand in the ocean and hold a net while the third person watches
Two young girls sitting on a sidewalk coloring on it with chalk
A group of people are hiking along a grassy area.
People are balancing on top of beams that are coming out of a John. F Hunt owned Genpac generator.
Three hikers walking up a steep hill in a beautiful wooded area.
Band members march in a parade on a tree lined street.
A man in an orange uniform poses in the middle of a street.
A man is cutting wood planks with a table saw while another man watches.
The rowdy bull spits as the men attempt to lasso it.
A cowboy tries not to fall off of the bucking cow, while spectators, a man on a horse, and a rodeo helper observe.
A blond woman is playing the guitar on stage.
Two police officers are sitting on motorcycles in the road.
A old man and young women dancing at a party.
A laboratory technician examines a blood sample using a high powered microscope.
A group of Asian people in decorative dress smile, and walk happily in a parade.
Asian people are dancing in the street with trees and buildings in the background, while wearing red, white, and green colored costumes with green headbands.
Three people, two men and a woman playing dominoes on a little round wood table.
Two men in police uniforms are talking.
A man is rescuing another man from a boat.
A woman playing the violin with sunglasses on her head.
A boy with a helmet mountain bikes through the woods.
A group of rollerskaters skate on a patch of cement with palm trees in the background.
A harmonized moment in a colorful ballerina show.
A man in a hat leans on a partially constructed wooden structure.
A group of people, ranging from kids to adults, who are prepping their equipment before going diving.
A bald man in a white shirt kneels on a wooden platform and washes his head in a stream.
A man is working in a restaurant while a man washes dishes behind him.
A laborer is using a hammer and chisel to make carvings into wood.
A young man in a striped shirt with a gas mask on.
People are ordering fish at what looks to be an Asian seafood market.
There is a girl creating art in this picture.
A young girl with dark hair bends over a piece of pottery that is on a table.
A man in the Navy is looking in something.
A very young boy is sitting on his preschool type bicycle under an outdoor table.
A man in a fluorescent green shirt stands on a city sidewalk.
A woman cashier standing in front of the cash register with some money in her hand.
Two joggers and two bicyclists vie for room on this city street.
A man in a lab coat is doing some type of experiment in a lab.
Scientists watching liquid flow out of a beaker in a lab.
Two women in white shirts stand by a sink, one with a bowl and one holding a pen.
A woman, standing behind a girl, helping the girl with an experiment.
A shirtless man is rock climbing at a very steep angle.
A ballerina is dancing in a dark, rustic environment.
A tennis player, wearing a yellow shirt, jumps to hit the ball to the other player, who is wearing black.
A man is juggling bottles that are on fire.
Two men wearing traditional Scottish attire, hold bagpipes in their hands.
The dog in the picture doesn't like blowing dryer.
Lady in gray top and white pants carrying soap in laundry mat.
A child stands in tall grass by a body of water.
A woman in a orange shirt is hanging clothes on a clothesline outside.
A little boy looking at some objects through a magnifying glass.
A man and a woman on bikes are bicycling down a large highway in the trail lane, along with other bikers and joggers.
A tattooed man in a tank top screams into a microphone.
Three children play with a volleyball in shallow water while an adult in a red cap and neon green shirt observes.
A group of men sit along a blue wall next to two bike carrying baskets of fruit.
A small child is cycling away from a large bridge on a cloudy day.
Isuzu truck driving by while a man with some cows drive the opposite way.
A woman is sitting by a desk crafting necklaces out of assorted beads by hand.
A young blond boy plays with a dollhouse.
A small child perches himself of a rock on the shore of a pond with a dog close by.
In front of a clothing shop a man lays bricks.
A person stands in a boat labeled Texas Mooring in front of a red wall.
A skimboarder performs a trick in the water.
A worker in an orange vest and hard hat is on top of a yellow ladder working on a phone line, while other men work below.
A canteen truck for actors on location filming a period piece about the 1800's.
Old man cutting a piece of pipe to the correct shape.
A female chef is showing off her carved fruits.
A baby is looking quite tired as she sits inside a luggage bag.
A woman with a painted face is holding a fan in front of her face.
This beautiful dancer is stretching in a studio, either warming up or cooling down.
One young man kicks another young man in front of a two story house.
Several bystanders are watching as a man does a wheelie on a yellow four wheel bike
Man wearing a helmet and driving a quad showing off for the camera.
A man wearing hot pink briefs is standing on an outdoor platform juggling in front of a crowd below.
People are in a laundry mat washing clothes.
A biker doing a trick off of a ramp that reads "RONA" and "Cariboos Brewing".
This is a woman brushing her teeth in the woods.
A person is flying through the air attached to a board with a parachute.
A man dressed in gray laying on the floor in front of another person while reaching out his hand.
This man seems oblivious to the insects hitching a ride on him and his weapon.
Family and friends wait nearby while a group takes a swim at the indoor pool.
A man dressed in black on the beach sitting under a red umbrella.
The man in black is posing for a picture.
A guy wearing a black attire is doing ballet in front of the pier where you can see a cruise ship.
A man is balancing in a pose as a woman runs down the dock by him
A man is using spray paint to paint a picture on a wall.
Someone is whisking eggs with a handheld mixer.
The man is excitedly holding up a fanned out deck of playing cards.
Two men in karate gear using fighting sticks.
A man receives a piece of paper from a woman while shaking her hand, as a man wearing an "Ohio State Geography" shirt looks on.
A man does a one handed handstand on a hardwood floor.
A man sitting on the floor looks out a large window.
Several men on the deck of a ship are lowering another man into the water.
An individual wearing a beanie and a blue coat stands hunched over suitcases of various items, including cameras and scissors, on the sidewalk.
A explorer on a dirt trail looking at a flower.
A man wearing sunglasses and a hat is standing in a field of wildflowers, inspecting one of the flowers.
A man giving a presentation while wearing a brown striped suit.
Two boats with paddlers and passengers are in a river lined by buildings.
A couple sitting together at a small circular table in an older looking rustic building.
A group of tourist on a small boats with building around which is surrounded by waters.
A group of kids and young adults skateboarding on a ramp.
A woman is driving a wheeled contraption with a pony on the front at a beachfront sidewalk.
Two men are working computer DJ equipment in the dark.
A woman in a blue shirt is speaking with two other women and a man, who is wearing glasses.
Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.
A man playing a guitar on stage under red light.
Two scuba divers inspecting a large metal object in the water.
Two ladies in tank tops are singing into a microphone, they both have dark hair and one is white and the other African American.
A roller derby match with an action shot of a derby girl in the foreground.
One lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking at something on her phone at the grocery store.
Teenager playing guitar live in a rock band
This is a man in a clown costume balancing a saucer on top of a stick, on his nose.
Four little naked boys playing with an ox in dirty water.
A woman reads a magazine as her laundry gets done.
A surfer showing off his talent in public using a man-made water machine.
Three men playing music on a stage, one is on the piano, one is singing, while the other is playing a drum with his hands.
Two women involved in either the preparation or sale of something in yellow bags.
A young boy in a blue t-shirt looks through a microscope.
A man and woman on horseback holding up the American flag before a rodeo.
A person riding a dirt bike dangerously close to a cliff in a forest.
This woman is horseback riding on a sunny afternoon.
The woman is attempting to surf in front of two photographers taking pictures.
Man in white shirt blowing trumpet.
A boy is dancing with headphone in his ear.
A man flips through the air with a large pine tree in the background.
The backside of two men cooking at a stove.
A girl climbs all over a bunch of wires.
A man at a skate park is doing an ollie out of a bowl near a beach.
A skater moving around a track in front of an audience.
One man wearing a green shirt is playing music on a blue set of drums.
A band is playing for a crown in a nighttime setting.
Two men are sitting on a pile of fishing nets on a dock next to an elaborately designed fishing vessel.
Employee's are trying to fix the tangled nets for the fishing boat.
Two dogs play together on the grass in front of a small stone well.
A motorcyclist performing amazing tricks in front of a crowd of thousands.
A baseball player in white is sliding into the base while the player in gray is trying to tag him.
The swimming competitors prepare for their meet.
While at a rodeo, a brash cowboy has wrangled a young calf with many fans in the background looking upon them
A person in pink attempts to mount a horse.
One man with a hat on by the ocean, lifting up a sac.
A tired man in a blue shirt kayaks down a lake.
A girl in red with a white tutu is performing a dance move while 6 other girls stand beside her.
A woman with red-hair is singing.
A bunch of happy children having fun swimming and one boy is showing off his talent with a back flip.
A boy plays on a green swing.
A baseball player in a gray uniform is catching a ground ball in his glove.
Two men play cricket in a park.
A baseball player in a white uniform is throwing the ball to another player at a base.
A baseball player jumps against the fence to make a catch
A shirtless man in black pants is pulling the leg of another man in green pants.
Men are competing in a motorcycle race.
A young girl eats a piece of cake.
A female athlete is running after exiting a swimming pool.
A photographer in a green shirt and jeans, stoops to photograph a swimmer in red that is exiting the pool.
A man playing a synthesizer wearing a green sweater and hat.
A teenager in a blue t-shirt in playing a game at a table at a video arcade.
Three swim competitors with blue, green, and yellow head caps are getting ready to race.
A small boy is holding a basketball in position to throw it into a hoop on a game.
Five people standing at a modern rock concert rehearsal.
A woman dressed in a neon pink tutu and leotard dramatically holds her boxing gloved hands above her head in a crowded public space.
A man is doing a cannon ball into a pool, stadium chairs fill the background.
A man in a leather jacket holding a helmet at a crosswalk.
Two musicians are performing on stage in front of a crowd.
Two boys in a wooded area are placing leaves in a clear viewing container.
A man is standing inside a laundry room, pointing to a button on a washing machine.
Two navy men and two young girls are playing monopoly.
A middle-aged man wearing a red sweatsuit fixes his bicycle.
Two men work on girls bike in front of garage.
A crowded city square being entertained by street performers.
Two men are driving a motorcycle with a compartment attached on the side
A person in an orange kayak navigates white water rapids.
Two men are fighting each other in a martial arts match.
A donkey suspended in air after a cart it is attached to over turns.
Blond man in a black suit with yellow shoes in jumping over a hurdle.
A band performs music on a stage with lights.
During the middle of a water fight a boy decides to dumb a gallon of water on a girl's face.
Indians having a gathering with coats and food and drinks.
Two boys getting shot by a water gun by another boy in a yard.
A man is using an umbrella.
A female gymnast is doing a flip as is captured in the photo with her feet in the sky and he head towards the ground.
There is a guy doing tricks with his skateboard.
A young gymnast in a burgundy and silver leotard performs a routine.
Four young girls compete in team gymnastics.
A male skateboarder in a black shirt, and white pants, jumping over a yellow object.
An Asian Gymnast in a Rhinestone Suit holding a baton.
A girl in ripped jeans and a white t-shirt leads others in a synchronized dance.
A baseball player catching a ball as it comes to him.
A man in a blue peacock costume with smoke and fog underneath him.
A crowd of people watching a man ride on a dirt bike.
A guy with blue jeans on and a few people in the background are cleaning up a big mess.
Three young, athletic girls are dressed in black and blue leotards.
A jockey on a white camel takes the lead in a camel race.
A horse jockey covered in mud during a race.
A jockey crouches low urging his horse forward during a horse race with another jockey in hot pursuit.
Boy jumping off the high diving board at a public pool.
A man leaning over a fence is talking to a baseball player who is resting.
A singer kneels with his microphone while a drummer plays in the background.
One guy is trying to make a base and the other is throwing a ball.
A little league pitcher is throwing the ball
Four girls synchronizing dance recitals in which they are wearing blue and purple outfits.
A birds eye view of women dancing with different colored dresses.
Women dancing in bright colored costumes and bare feet.
Women enjoying a day shopping in the streets.
Men converse as two men are in a bucket lift.
Two women wearing safety goggles, looking at the same notebook.
A man at the bottom of a concrete hole with a rope.
Man wearing a hard hat and face mask while standing idle on the job.
A brown-haired woman is giving a black and white dog a haircut.
Contortionist in strange checkered outfit wearing a white mask.
A man in a gray sweater and glasses is laughing.
There is a carpenter measuring a board.
A group of people with white face makeup gathered around a table with some people playing instruments in front of a truck in the background.
A group works on a project involving a piano and has 53:11 remaining.
A man with a gray shirt with the tag bombardier is using an orange flashlight.
A man is driving past a truck hauling vehicles.
A woman, with dark hair in a braid, who is smiling as a group of pigeons fly around her.
A man presses some sort of dough-like food between two wooden paddles.
A young woman is painting the wall of a room with bright orange-red paint.
A woman in a dress hanging laundry up on a clothesline outside in her yard.
A lady wearing a red hat is fishing in a quiet and peaceful lake.
Three construction workers completing the foundation for a driveway.
An older white man with glasses works on a metalworking task on an anvil.
An young overweight male pitches a ball.
Two Asian men sit down and look at something that is out of view of the photograph.
A man is looking at the moon throw a telescope at dusk.
A black woman peering through a telescope with several people in the background in the park.
A man is on a bucking bull at the Rodeo.
A mysterious man is leaning against the white wall of a dimly lit tunnel.
People enjoying a nice game of bowling.
Three Kids up close on the beach with more people in the background.
Four people wearing black leotards dancing on a beach.
A woman in ethnic attire is kneeling on the ground, arching her back in a dance position.
A woman is performing a native dance in front of a band.
People are riding an escalator up and down a subway station tunnel.
A small boy is walking through the forrest.
A young couple riding on a bus with the boy's arm around the girl.
A man is taking pictures on his phone of stone figurines while his dog looks on.
Two women are at ATMs getting money out and the lady on the left has two children.
Individuals sit contently on park benches under newly blossoming trees in an urban area.
A shirtless man is in midair with a skateboard beneath him.
Long line of people waiting to get into The Magpie Cafe.
Person in white shirt and blue jeans, holding hand out with an empty cup in the other, and a liquid mess on the ground.
The man in the white shirt is praying in public.
Eight young women perform a cheerleading dance on a court.
A group of people walk up a sloping trail lined with trees.
A man with a backpack on is waited on at a deli counter by a clerk with a black hat.
A person with long hair is sitting on a purple couch.
A dead bull is being pulled out of an arena by horses.
A bull is running towards a red cloth.
Several men in white chef's jackets work in a kitchen.
A young girl blows a huge bubble on her back porch.
African grocery market, with lady shopping for vegetables and fruits.
A baseball player with a red helmet is hitting a baseball.
A baseball player sliding into home as the opposing team's catcher awaits the baseball for the out.
Three men work at a construction site.
A man in a blue jersey and red hat is about to throw a baseball.
A man participates in an ancient ritual dance.
A man and a woman are setting up a dining room.
An older man is playing a guitar while on stage.
A man is sitting in his chair in an office while putting on a red fleece sweater
Women in black coat waits on laundry while reading newspaper.
A young girl with blond-hair peering through a microscope.
A woman with green hair hula hoops before a crowd.
A baseball player in blue tags a player in red out.
A baseball player, wearing red, diving to catch a ball.
The pitcher on the mound, number 46, is poised for his next pitch.
A group of men are holding a meeting.
A group of people are conversing while a man in a white shirt takes notes.
A man is about to hit the water.
A man wears American flag shorts, shirt, and hat at an outdoor gathering.
A man carrying a blue oil drum is performing a show on the street.
A girl and a guy who looks like they are outside breakdancing.
Men in American Revolutionary hats and costumes stand with American flags, backs to the camera.
Band of gentlemen sitting in a semi circle playing brass instruments at the park
A young boy is looking at a man painted in all gold.
Three people are attempting feel the rush of free falling before they pull their parachutes.
A person sits in rocks in waterproof gear with their boots in the water.
Six men wearing yellow suits and orange life vests are leaving a rocky shoreline on their boat.
A cheerleading team of young girls performs on an outdoor venue.
A newlywed couple pose for formal pictures in front of a beautiful water fountain.
A couple holding hands while walking down the beach.
A group of multi-ethnic young people sit in a circle on grass next to a hill.
Man cutting up his food to put on a plate.
A little boy in a blue cap and blue shirt looks at a model while standing outside.
A woman and a girl are looking at a hovering ball together.
A man with a crazy hairdo and a long braided mustache sits on the sidewalk outside playing a stringed instrument.
A few kids and adults, wearing aprons making cookies.
A pastry chef sprinkles ingredients on a pan of backed goods.
School children in uniforms sit on hill, while eating lunch.
A man in a yellow tank top drives a tractor with several passengers.
Young boy plays a game on the computer.
An elderly woman wearing an apron and black dress hangs clothes on the laundry line.
Two boys playing in the sand.
Three guys on stage, one of whom has a guitar and another a keyboard.
People walking and standing around a large fountain, two children standing in front of the fountain.
A little boy in a green shirt is playing in water with a little girl in a pink shirt and purple skirt.
A child peering out the window of a bus.
A man in a plaid coat sells colorful balloons from a cart as people walk by.
Player 22 receives pitch from women near pitchers mount.
A baseball player in a red and white uniform looks on as his teammate trips while running to a base.
A man wearing baseball attire attempting to catch the baseball.
A base runner is being tagged out by the opposing team.
A man in a white baseball uniform picking up a baseball.
A baseball player swings at the pitch while the opposing team's catcher is ready for the ball.
The baseball player is about to run on a base.
A pitcher in a blue shirt, on the mound, practices his grip before throwing the pitch.
Baby has fun brushing his teeth.
A group of men is standing around a table and looking at a map.
A boy performs a stunt on a skateboard in a skate park.
Two men are working in a field by a den as their dog is about to walk up on them.
A group of men, one with a bike, on a dock with tires and a rope.
A man sits on top of a streetlight post with a picture of a thing in bones looking up to him in the focus.
An oriental man in a white shirt selling food outside.
Male in a blue shirt with id tag vacuuming a model of a building.
Several people are dancing in a crowded room.
A groom dressed in a black tuxedo dips and kisses his bride at the wedding reception held in a home.
A little girl running through a crowd of people sitting.
A girl dressed in black jumps in the air while holding the string of a pink balloon.
A cowboy is riding a wild horse but barely holding on at a rodeo.
Two female tennis players shake hands over the net while an official and court attendant look on.
Rodeo rider shows great style mid jump of his bucking horse
A female singer on stage with a tambourine with two men playing guitar and drums.
People train in a studio with pads.
A woman in scuba gear laughs as she stands neck-deep in a swimming pool.
A large group of people is standing in two ovals while listening to a band play in the background.
A curly-haired dog tries to bite another dog wearing a green and orange collar.
A man sits on a stool and reads a newspaper on a sidewalk.
A man wearing red and yellow riding a red sport bike driving on a racetrack.
Three women in tracksuits, hunched over, cleaning a basketball court floor.
A man dressed in black plays a long instrument with others in an orchestra.
A gentlemen is enjoying a afternoon of golf.
A woman in a flowing green dress is dancing.
A girl, in a pink shirt, is enjoying a delicious treat of cotton candy.
A child in a green shirt is looking at something that is out of the frame.
Young lady during a performance of modern dance.
A man in black and white garb and wearing a black hat and white gloves is sitting on an amp playing a tuba with flames coming out of the opening.
Graphics Designer, male (approximately 38 years old) drafting on design table in office.
A woman in yellow works at an outdoor fruit stand while a customer in sunglasses stands near the stand.
Four men sit on a bench in a desert village.
A swimmer is swimming from one side of the pool to the other.
A little boy jumping in a large body of water.
Asian religious members wearing dark red garb are at an open air market conversing with patron of a vegetable stand.
A cowboy on a horse at a rodeo.
A young woman with a feather in her hair is featured from among a crowd of people.
A young child with blond-hair is staring into a camera picture.
Men and women eating near a storefront one man and a woman with a stroller taking to each other.
A small child dancing in front a orchestra band.
A large crowd of people raise their arms in an urban setting while photographers document the event.
Three people riding horses are in a race.
A woman with green hair, a sexy outfit and black stiletto boots is standing in a pose behind a few black railings.
A man in a blue shirt washes a window high off the ground.
A woman in a turquoise top talking to the conductor of a trolley near a foreign cafe.
A cameraman is working at a sporting event.
A baseman is holding out his glove to catch a ball and tag his opponent out.
A man wearing a suit and hat holds a wineglass.
Two women walking on a gray road.
Kids playing on a playground with a man sitting on a bench reading a newspaper.
A kite surfer and a kite flier prepare to launch their respective kites on a grassy slope.
The young lady is standing after performing in a play.
A young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the edge of the concrete.
Two brown dogs are playing with a red ball.
A group of rollerskaters follow the lead of a man wearing blue pants and a red shirt on a wood paneled floor.
Two women face each other in a dance.
A man pointing to the audience area on stage while holding a microphone with banjos behind him.
Two women wearing skirts dance on a stage.
Men and women practice yoga in a public park.
A group of people exercising on a green field.
A young girl in black is walking on a treadmill.
A child is observing a specimen in a microscope.
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset.
A man skiing in the mountains
A male hiker carries his gear up the snowy mountain.
Children playing on the sidewalk surrounded by leaves.
A man is standing on a mountaintop looking into the distance.
A man in suspenders is dancing on a stage while a band plays behind him.
Two construction workers are maneuvering a log onto or off of a flatbed on a heavily tree-lined road.
A woman is playing a keyboard while singing into a microphone.
A little girl is jumping rope in a parking lot.
A girl with blue highlights watches a dog leap to catch a frisbee.
A group of people standing in line outside the Hyatt Regency.
A girl jumps rope in a parking lot.
Several little girls dressed up in costume to entertain their friends and families.
A helmeted rock climber ascends a rock with trees behind.
A woman holds two baby girls whilst sitting cross legged on the grass.
An older man plying a guitar in a band.
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
A billboard for Comcast Digital Voice that references Madagascar 2.
A large crowd of people, and at the side a gentleman having his picture taken by a photographer as he poses.
Two women have a discussion in a mostly white, modernistic office.
A male photographer kneels while taking a picture with a Nikon camera in a parking lot.
A player on the beach is waiting to catch a ball.
An enthusiastic little girl showing her skills on the drums.
A military group is marching in front of a McDonald's
A man holds a woman in a blue and white costume in the air.
Two workers, working on a rooftop, looking over a town.
Two people, one wearing a blue shirt and another wearing a pink shirt, are rappelling down a building.
A child uses a hand to erase part of an advertisement from a chalkboard.
Three young women in white and black dresses playing violins on a stage.
A girl in a blue dress plays with a Chinese yo-yo.
A woman and a male child are engaged in a balloon fight as a man watches.
A construction worker in an orange vest stretches on the job.
Two young children dressed in winter clothes ride their toy sleds down a small hill.
A little girl and boy play tea with pretend dishes and dolls at a little table.
A boy and girl are standing together, and the girl is holding a volleyball.
A child in a red snowsuit stands next to a snow pile.
A young boy is driving his pedal-powered, toy tractor outside as his friend jumps around in the background.
A man is painting a wall.
A child wearing gray pants, green winter coat and black ski cap feeding geese in a lake.
A boy is being covered in sand at the beach.
A little boy in flannel pajama pants and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch.
A young boy and a woman pose near a snowman as a dog lies on the flat, snow-covered ground.
A group of people of all ages gather in a pretty white kitchen for refreshments.
Brown-haired women presents birthday cake to blond-haired boy in front of crowd.
A boy petting a dog in a yard with a garden in it.
A blond little girl looks through a pair of green binoculars.
A little girl is walking by the beach in blue and red rain boots.
The woman, in the blue shirt, is carrying a broom and a metal dustpan.
Two people are jumping on a bridge in the mountains.
A young female baseball player slides to home base but is caught by the umpire.
A group of men and women sit at a restaurant table with beer and food.
Group of people by the ocean holding a net
A woman in a black and white checkered shirt is coloring in a coloring book with a little blond girl.
A woman is doing inclined dumbbell presses at a gym.
Two female Army personnel are handling a lot of paperwork at one desk.
Children are playing a game outside.
A man is showing some boxes of perfume to a person inside of a car.
A group of children in the water holding up a blond boy in red swim shorts.
Two children are looking through a telescope on a city street, and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass.
Two females dressed in pink are sitting on swings that are part of a suspended wooden square contraption.
A tennis player getting ready to hit the ball while standing on a bright orange court.
A guy sitting outside on top of a bucket playing a banjo.
Odd child with fake eye barrows and a cut on his lip holds out his right hand.
Two men are sword-fighting in front of a crowd.
Nine men vigorously play rugby on an outdoor field.
The man in red stands behind the chains while looking across the water towards land.
The green hula hoop soars through the air as the young lady watches for its landing.
A male tennis player prepares a left-handed forehand while playing on clay.
Many women trying out and looking at laptops in a Walmart.
A police officer is riding a horse through the street.
A police officer is putting a leash on a dog.
A man is dressed as a movie character holding a gun in the lobby of a movie theater.
Indian women learning from a man how to make fabric.
A young child throws a frisbee to the ground.
A truck with a crane and 3 workers on it is in front of a construction project that has a green covering.
A man and a young toddler are playing outside in the grass.
A man skateboards in a skate park while others skaters skate in the background.
A group of guys working as a group in a classroom.
Indoors, a woman wearing a surgical mask, gown and gloves works on a reclining person.
Students are carefully focused in one direction.
Student uses a camera to take a picture of a piece of art.
A man and four teenage boys are raking a baseball diamond.
A man with a backpack, wearing shorts and a t-shirt, walks through an art museum, looking upward.
Crowd moves through building with large sculpture centered in picture.
A group of people sit on a bench admiring a painting in an exhibit while others walk by.
A boy is wearing a baseball mitt and holding a baseball.
A little boy jumps high above the swimming pool with a man in the background.
Two little boys rowing through the brown murky water.
A man in a white hard hat pulls a sea probe that is hoisted over the side of the boat.
There are a group of people playing soccer next to a bunch of bicycles.
The little boy is wading through the pool with red arm floaties.
Two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal.
An Amish lady hangs up clothes to dry outside on a line.
Two female street performers playfully interact using a ball as a prop.
Two men bend over the hydraulic hoses of a John Deere farming device.
A man in a hat and blazer performs on the street with his guitar and harmonica.
A man with a scarf throws a stick javelin-style on an abandoned beach.
A man is playing the accordion.
A teenager stuffs his mouth with something as he sits inside a home.
A man and a little boy enjoy a dinner of vegetables.
A caucasian female is jumping and clicking her heels together in front of a crowd of African children.
A old man in a red jacket is holding up money.
An older man wearing a tan sweater is working on a painting.
A little girl with a face-painting swinging a stick at a pinata.
A little girl in blue is watching a little boy in black swing at a disney princess pinata.
Men in a kitchen preparing food.
An Asian chef wearing white is cutting meat in a restaurant.
A Chinese man plays the drum in a band.
A man in a red sweater and blue cap is painting a picture.
A child in a white shirt clapping their hands.
Three women dress up as ninjas for a costume party.
People standing outside waiting for the graffiti covered train to pass.
A man playing at a baseball game who has just hit the bat.
There are four soldiers, two are hurt and in wheelchairs.
A woman is handing dolls out of a large window to another woman outside on a ladder.
A ballerina in a red dress leaps into the air.
Four dancers dressed in white, flowing gowns perform their routine.
A nun hands a man a napkin.
Three men are sitting on a boat looking up at the sky.
Two men in hard hats sawing a plank of wood.
Four boys are shown in a house playing and all wear t-shirts.
Dog jumping in the snow near a tree.
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on a white surfboard.
A little kid in a blue coat watching ducks swim.
A woman with brown hair is doing a science experiment while wearing goggles and a blue shirt.
A nurse is listening to another women's heartbeat with a stethoscope.
A man in a gray shirt playing a whistle.
Little boy in orange shirt, holding flip-flops has his hand on his head.
A ballet dancer in a blue leotard doing a back-bend with her left hand extended.
A young child playing in a Lexmark box and using it as a fort.
Two postal workers are smiling while holding bins of canned goods.
Children are walking along a dirt path.
A man dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another bin, while standing in a room full of food donations.
A man practices with a three section staff in front of a red curtain.
A young lady at a gymnastic event in the middle of her performance, wearing a blue and white outfit while teammates look on.
A little boy with a soccer ball flying.
An asian child with a yellow bow in her hair on a swing with an asian woman standing behind her.
A man poses looking back while a younger girl fishes.
Some men and boys are playing with a Frisbee in a grassy area.
A man grilling outside with a few people enjoying his meat.
A bicyclist wearing a bright blue short-sleeved t-shirt and protective face gear performs a trick in which he is completely upside down, framed against a background of conifers and a partly-cloudy sky.
A young man wearing a blue shirt is in midair with a bicycle
Two men are riding trail bikes and are jumping over a hill in a area that is wooded.
A man in formal attire is playing the clarinet
A workman wearing a striped shirt and gloves clutching his hard hat with one hand and his crotch with the other.
A young musician performs in front of a skyline.
A band plays outdoors playing guitars and drums, the singer wears sunglasses and a black shirt and bandanna with a goatee, the other man wears a fedora and purple shirt, the other players are not pictured.
A man and woman are dancing while spectators watch.
A man stands in a red shirt and blue jeans facing a man in black across tracks with an escalator in the background.
Kids pass the time while others watch.
A black dog is poised to catch a Frisbee.
A man sits in his tent on a mountain.
Two men are sweeping a room that is empty except for one step ladder.
A few people sit together on the snowy mountaintop.
Dressed in complete uniform, two young brothers practice martial arts on their parents' balcony.
A janitor sweeps the sidewalk in a busy street with many cars and pedestrians.
A girl in a bright yellow jacket poses in front of a bright yellow truck.
Young adults dancing in the street
A plane is flying overhead while a man is walking near the water on a beach.
Man and woman dancing on a sunny day in a street lined with small buildings and outdoor exhibits.
A butcher is slicing meat in a store on the counter.
A man is giving two thumbs up to a crowd of people.
Three gentlemen using a hose to pipe something out of an oil drum.
A woman tickling a man on the floor while five other people are laughing.
This mother and her daughter and granddaughter are having car trouble, and the poor little girl looks hot out in the heat.
Well dressed man and woman dancing in the street
Coaches for the North Side baseball team talk to their players in the dugout.
Two officers on horseback looking down the city street.
A subway station where numerous people are standing and one woman is sitting and reading.
A man on a bicycle is talking to a woman who is sitting behind some tables.
Here is a picture of a teacher talking on a microphone in his classroom.
2 men are wrestling and are in midair, while the referee and spectators observe.
There are a lot of kids walking on train tracks surrounded by trees.
Two men and four children wearing matching clothes.
This young woman is receiving a manicure at a salon.
Three young child are observing and interacting with a microscope and computer.
A young man sunbathing on a beautiful beach with a tower in the middle of the sea.
Two canoes floating down the river with goods.
A man in a white uniform with blue trim prepares food for serving.
Two female cowgirls sitting on well maintained horses wearing white hats.
Two men in baseball uniforms are playing baseball, one is on the ground with a helmet, and the other is crouching.
A man in a white shirt is standing on an airplane.
Two little girls in a store that are looking at barbie toys.
A group of young people about to perform in front of an audience.
A woman wearing a green and pink dress is dancing with someone wearing a blue top with white pants.
Lady in a pretty bright yellow dress is being asked to dance, while children look on.
A group of men wearing cowboy hats are sitting next to a horse.
The older gentlemen explains with enthusiasm what the string is for.
An elderly woman in a tent uses scissors and a chair to repair a fishing net.
People walking around outside in either fall or winter season.
A man and two boys standing in spraying water.
Women pointing her arm out while in a stance.
Two woman with white head coverings are gazing at a cellphone.
Two men, one in a black coat, have a conversation in front of a building.
A boy in a red jersey is playing ice hokey on an outdoor ice rink.
An elderly man holds the arms of a young boy wearing batman trunks.
A man wearing a hard hat is feeding brush into an industrial wood chipper.
A team of chefs work to prepare a meal.
A girl in a gray tank top hands a glass to a man in a white shirt.
A man in a construction outfit is working on trimming tree limbs.
Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by.
A young hispanic-looking boy sitting backwards on a donkey.
A man in a neon shirt, khakis, and an orange hard hat walks by a mulch machine.
A band performs on a small stage with neon lights glowing.
A young man is singing on stage with mic to his mouth.
A woman in a bright red dress is standing outside of a building.
Two young boys sit in boxes in the living room near some decorative chairs.
A bull rider, in full padding and wearing a helmet, rides a large brown and white bull.
Two children playing in a soccer match on a soccer field.
A woman in black laying face down on a mat in a tranquil room.
A young blond woman wearing athletic attire is about to throw a blue football.
Three landscape works clear away a fallen tree branch.
Construction workers in blue pants and lime green shirts cut branches from a tree.
A road worker in green, there is an orange cone near him.
The young lady wearing outdoor clothing is tossing a blue football, with a couple of other people in the photo who look like students, on a sunny day.
Children are playing outside in a fountain.
A woman with blond-hair, with bright red streaks on top working on a computer.
Woman works with her sewing machine.
An old man wearing a blue shirt is riding his bike past a large cruise ship.
Maintenance worker cleaning the side of a red and white train.
A little girl wearing a life jacket in the ocean watching a whale beside the boat.
A group of people in inflatable rafts trying to maneuver in an icy river.
Two men operating a hose that is hanging down into the water, the target of it is unclear in the picture.
A male with sunglasses is poking at a tree with a pole.
A little girl brushes her teeth with an orange and blue toothbrush.
Road workers carry orange paint at a work site.
A man in a bright green shirt and hard hat is climbing a tree.
Multiple firefighters are standing outdoors in full uniform
A young man sliding down a banister on rollerblades while people behind him watch him in the park.
A man is rollerblading on a railing.
Four men attempt to fix a hot air balloon with another hot air balloon seen in the background.
A man pulling a rickshaw or handcart is sharing a road in China with an Audi and truck.
A platform floats on a river carrying a man playing a piano, a woman singing, and a man with an oar rowing the platform.
A group of young adults cheering in a crowd.
Three women in dresses are on a stage, leaning back on one leg with a curtain behind them.
Two men are removing tree branches.
A man with a white t-shirt and blue jeans does a handstand on a green lawn.
A man wipes the outside of a window clean as a girl cleans the same window from the inside.
A young girl wearing a polka dot dress and bunny ears is playing an arcade game.
A man in a helmet riding an ATV in a desert.
Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.
Man dressed up is colorful garments making balloon art.
Five women, wearing long native robes, and two men, wearing only pants, are shown in the water, conversing and splashing.
The band of four guys is performing on a brightly lit stage.
Several men in life jackets and other gear on a boat in the water.
Two uniformed men are riding in a motorized boat.
Two men are in a speeding boat in the water, with land and sailboats in the background.
Two people pushing a shopping cart on a people-mover.
An expectant woman happily lets another listen to the baby inside of her.
A man playing the accordion with a girl singing and playing the tambourine.
A male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room.
A man pushes a cart on a pedestrian walkway.
A man is mopping up the inside of an amusement park ride that is covered with blue plastic sheets.
A group of man standing by a white truck.
A group of men in shorts and shirts jogging down a brick walkway.
The ladies in the purple jackets are playing the sax.
A man in a uniform is on a ramp looking back at a stacked row of grocery shopping carts.
A man cleaning the window of a gift shop.
A middle-aged woman sweeps the sidewalk in front of a retail shop in a city.
A man in neon clothes fixes a street sign.
A woman in sunglasses making a pouting face while eating seafood.
A woman is performing gymnastics with long red ribbons.
A man is outdoors washing his car with soap and water.
Man cutting grass near a building wearing face gear for protection.
A man with a camera on his shoulder videotaping a concert recital.
A man conducting an orchestra and instructing people.
A man dressed as a colonist speaks to a crowd in a cloudy town.
Woman setting up a photograph of a gentleman in a wheelchair with 3 onlookers and two officials.
A man on a bike is riding past a yellow building that has been marked with graffiti.
The officer, on the white moped, is crossing the cobblestone sidewalk.
An elderly man in a white shirt looking at a webpage on his computer, in his office.
Two men with no shirts are on a rooftop.
A woman in a bikini is standing in water, and is surrounded by fish.
An older man is shopping at Walmart for laundry soap.
A woman is waiting with children as she is checked out at Walmart.
Two women shopping for groceries at the store.
A Man on the street plays his Guitar for the crowd.
An off road bike rider is riding over a log.
A man jumping his bicycle off dirt mounds is several feet in the air.
A child and a woman are performing gardening work.
A smiling boy makes a gesture with one hand while holding a large bottle of soda in the other.
A boy wearing a striped shirt is sitting at a table cutting something.
A man with a hairy chest is mowing a lawn.
A person reaches into the backseat of a truck while workers work behind.
A man with a beard repairs a net sitting with a buoy and rope next to him.
A person walking with his bike and two other people.
A man sits, selling flowers and vegetables on the side of a busy street.
A man is on his mountain bike flying in the air.
A skier is skiing down a mountain wearing goggles and a red anorak.
A guy snowboarding down a large mountain.
Colorfully dressed man dancing in the streets, while balancing something on his head.
Several government workers working on a railroad crossing.
A man and a woman dressed like highway department employees, work on the side of the road.
A boy holding a skateboard is jumping over another boy.
Two little girls are standing on a small ledge with their faces to a brick wall.
Construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings.
An older man with white hair and a beard is talking into a microphone.
A little boy looking at his telescope in daytime.
A woman wearing a black and blue dress figure skating on one leg.
Two dogs running in the dirt
Two men in the ship "Amble" are setting out loaded with traps.
The girls return to the field during their softball game.
An athlete in red shorts is caught frozen during a basketball move.
A kid suspended in midair by some cables.
A girl appears to be hanging upside down from a jungle gym.
The child is walking through tall grass on a sunny day.
A man in a black outfit, with flames on it, is practicing his fighting technique.
A man wearing safety goggles is repairing a bicycle tire.
Two women are shoveling dirt in a yard by a fence.
A group of boys are building something with wood.
A person in black pans and a black t-shirt jumping on a fountain plaza.
2 Asian men are sweeping flower petals off of some stairs.
A team of boys in red and black uniforms play soccer on a field.
Little boys playing soccer wearing orange and black
Someone in a rain jacket pushes a yellow bag on wheels down the sidewalk.
A woman with a microphone making espresso
A child, sitting at a table with crayons and art supplies, draws a picture with a baby in the background.
A girl wearing pink hangs on the hoops.
A young girl in a karate uniform jumps off a trampoline as her instructor looks on.
Two people, one man and one woman, jumping at the same time.
Two children stand and face the camera in front of a dinosaur skeleton.
A marching band wearing blue and black dances on the street.
An Asian man, woman and boy are selecting packaged food at an inside market.
A young boy is cooking meat on a grill outside.
A woman with bright red lips and a striped shirt is straining in front of a microphone on a stand, while another person is in the background holding a microphone.
A man grinds down a rail while on a skateboard.
Two people climb through a web of metal trellis wearing shorts and tennis shoes.
A bearded man in blue jeans on a skateboard is jumping over a shopping cart.
A lone climber on a snowcapped mountain with several huge mountains in the background.
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
A person picking garbanzo beans with her bear hands.
A man and his female assistant use a propane torch to grill steaks.
A man who is partly bald with sunglasses on, a black sweater and jeans, has a shovel and is shoveling the sidewalk and some stairs while a golden retriever watches him.
An older woman rolling out dough to bake with.
A man waterskiing with the water flying up behind him.
A pretty lady is sitting down and opening her purse.
A tour group sits on the second story of a double-decker tour bus in the middle of Times Square.
Several people in costumes from Disney movies are walking down a street.
There is a man in a red sweatshirt attempting to do a trick on a skateboard.
Four men lounging on furniture while all on their laptops against a tan colored wall.
A man in a white apron is grilling on a grill outside.
A small child plays with toys at a wooden workbench.
A motorcycle cop examines a bright neon reflective vest while standing next to two brightly colored police motorcycles.
A man observes a painting while another person attempts to recreate the same painting.
A woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street.
A girl play a violin and another one playing a clarinet behind her.
A crowd of adults dressed in bright colors are clapping their hands.
A man plays his accordion along the streets, entertaining passersby.
A guitarist jams for a crowd on his red instrument surrounded by his band mates under streaming white lights.
This worker is pushing his cart through the busy traffic alone.
A boy in a padded helmet is bouncing on an indoor trampoline.
A group of women in saris sit, talk and bathe together.
One young boy holding his breath and jumping in the lake on a warm day.
A band is performing a song in a club.
Happy, smiley toddler sitting in a pretty blue, white and yellow blanket throwing a large blue ball.
A black and a white dog are going after a tennis ball.
A couple, looked like Aladdin and Jasmine, is riding the magic carpet on a night sky.
An action photo on stage of a punk rock band.
A man is standing on scaffolding in a studio while a fire burns in the foreground.
A man with a shopping cart is studying the shelves in a supermarket aisle.
A crowd of onlookers on a tractor ride watch a farmer hard at work in the field.
A little girl is brushing her teeth.
A soccer player in a red uniform is about to kick the ball.
Four children are playing in the sand near the water's edge.
A young lady with wild blond-hair is playing the electric guitar on the stage.
A man in a black hat and shorts throwing a matching yellow glow stick
Three young ladies in yellow uniform are taking a break at a small table.
Two women playing in front of a door labeled "The Castle Keep".
A group of women, dressed in festive blue dresses and feather head decors, parade down the street.
A group of people are dancing in colorful costumes in front of a Fired Earth interiors store.
Several people laying down on a rocky beach in the foreground with people standing up in the background.
A woman in a plaid skirt and a man with plaid socks, kilt get ready to dance the night away.
Four guys in white lab coats with lockers in the background holding something on fire.
A man, with a red sports jersey, looks on at a football match.
Some staff members in yellow shirts help out with local kids in arts and crafts activities.
A woman in a brown dress is jumps off some stairs outside a building.
A man dressed in a traditional Native American attire is playing an instrument native to his people.
A city street has three people walking in different directions.
A man in construction takes a break while he looks at the view.
A snowboarder in the air wearing bright yellow pants.
A scientist in a lab points to a computer screen while one of his co-workers looks on.
A group of kids enjoy snacks and are playing a board game together.
A man with shades and a black shirt on performing passionately on stage.
A man standing in front of a wooden bridge near a rocky river.
A man in a green jacket has set up a camera on some rocks.
Seven people are using PC table in a round table.
Two men playing ball, one white one black, with the black one leaping towards the right side of the frame.
The boy is playing a game of volleyball on the beach.
Two man are swimming on a shore with a tree covered hill in the background.
A man and a boy touching one another's hands with two other people in the background.
Two women are wearing red ethnic costumes, with a Chinese building and a mountain in the background.
A young woman, carrying several shopping bags is jumping up in the air.
An elderly couple dances next to a table where a boy is sitting with his head down.
Two men jump off the ground during a sparring competition between opponents.
A performer kneeling at the edge of a stage to receive something from a woman in the front row.
An older man and a young girl looking at the fish in an artificial pond.
A male surfer felling off of his surfboard on top of a small wave
A skier flies through the air while doing a trick.
A group of young soccer players run down the field after the ball.
People working together fill wheelbarrows at a playground.
Four men in purple shirts and two in dark gray moving a sculpture.
A small child hangs out the window of a bus.
Several people including a woman in a red dress holding a child are in a street near dozens of pigeons.
Two adult women, one wearing an umbrella, and a little girl walking on a bridge.
A woman with her hand in a large pot at an outside water well pump.
A man is speaking at a podium in a church.
A man with glass and a woman wearing a pink shirt sit beside each other.
A boy smiles surrounded by several other people smiles at the camera.
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting in a white vehicle with a crest on the door.
A woman pushing a shopping cart at a grocery store.
A colorfully painted and dressed man performs for the audience.
A police officer, with many items around his waist, is ordering something at a cafe.
A woman in a black shirt, with a scarf around her neck, is sewing.
A soccer player kicks a ball.
A man holding a child is looking at toys in a store.
Police looking at each other on horses.
A singer is hot and sweaty from performing in a concert.
Confetti is in the air among a huge crowd of people at some kind of celebration.
Fisherman on boat grabbing a net filled with what appears to be clams.
Two children play soccer on green grass.
An elderly man in an orange shirt and green shorts walks past a building decorated with graffiti.
A lady is fixing another lady's hair.
A woman is looking into a trashcan outside of the Mango Mang.
A woman in a candy store browsing candy.
A hand holds a pencil over a page of sheet music.
A woman in snowshoes looks at a piece of paper.
A woman dressed in cosplay outside showing off for the camera.
A young lady takes time to think on a public bench.
A man working in the fields as he moves his hands around the tall grass.
A large girl wearing blue jeans jumping over a tree stump.
Two Asian women sitting on a street corner, while a white car passes by.
A college group of students playing a game of Jenga.
A young man is stretching his leg, while balancing a disc on his finger.
A female jumping in front of a graffiti wall.
A live music concert is dropping confetti from the ceiling while the crowd cheers on, ecstatically.
Three women participate in a dance at a campsite.
A man in a beige suit is playing a trumpet into a microphone.
Two men who are wearing black shirts and pants are holding wooden sticks.
Customers and workers at the checkout of a store with red counters and shopping carts.
Three men are working with their bikes in the shoulder of a road.
A group of young boys are playing baseball in a foreign country
A lady in a zebra-striped coat is interacting with someone dressed in a panda costume.
Two men, one in blue and one in red, are playing hockey on a field.
A teenage boy and girl enjoying fondue.
A child sitting on the ground, looks like she is deep in thought.
A man gets dressed in his home as he looks at his laptop.
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.
Two people sitting near a door, Holding bowls on their laps.
Gray dog running down pavement toward laundry line in courtyard.
A child who is playing with rocks.
A pilot wearing headphones sitting in the cockpit with his copilot.
A traffic cop direction traffic in a high population area.
A man exerts all his force in a gym with a large amount of weightlifted over his head.
Person in exercise clothes climbing a rope.
A man in a blue jacket is kneeling on a boardwalk next to the ocean so that he can adjust his fishing pole line.
A young man is catching some air while ride a wave board.
A newscaster in a blue coat gives his report in the rain.
A camera crew prepares to film with a video camera.
A young female gymnast is laying down on a mat while looking at a hula-hoop.
A white-haired old lady, wearing a plaid shirt shopping for produce.
A boy with red soled shoes is playing on a swing.
Girl performing a jump in the air using a silk ribbon.
A man is squatting down while painting his artwork on a large metal garage door.
A parade of people wearing red march past a building while playing instruments.
An Indian man works on a textile in the background while an Indian women works with dyes in the foreground.
A man sitting at his work station making jewelery.
Two boys cannon balling into a lake near a red paddle boat.
A merchant is posing in a butcher's shop.
A group of black children posing for the camera.
A woman mixing together a batter of food.
Young man, in torn pants, sitting on the ledge of a window, playing a violin.
Three men sit contemplating their next bull ride.
Two children, bundled up against the cold, building a small snowman.
A man on a bike leading another bicycle along a city alley.
An older metal worker is sanding down a piece of sheet metal in a workshop.
A fisherman cutting bait aboard his boat, which is moored at the dock, while pelicans swim nearby.
A man in a blue snowsuit does a flip on a huge snowy mountain.
Four dancers in yellow performing an ethnic dance.
A man is sitting on a chair in front of a stack of watermelons.
A person is upside down, doing a flip on a snowboard.
A musician playing a stage lit in red sings into a microphone.
Two men in a parking lot of a business one man watching the other man jump.
Two children are playing in an outdoor swimming pool.
A man is sitting on a snowbank.
A climber stops to take a drink while climbing a snow covered mountain.
A girl in a white shirt is running.
The local kids are having a footrace.
A lady in purple kisses a child after her performance.
A man eats food on a table in front of a small food shop on the street while a passerby walks by.
Hard hatted construction workers wait to board a lift.
A bearded man and a blond woman are sitting in an audience
A lady with a red purse is leaving the store.
The man takes pride in his craft as he concentrates on his carving.
I see a group of people standing around and a policeman standing around.
Girl sits on a chair and is texting on her phone.
A little girl laughing while going down a slide.
A man is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies.
Two boys got beat up behind a house and left there.
Two women are wearing aprons and baking attire and cooking something in a kitchen.
A young man is on his laptop in an office setting.
Two workers in hard hats and safety harnesses repair a roof.
A construction man with a blue hard hat is staring down under.
A man in a white shirt and green vest using old tools to shape a piece of tree trunk.
A person using a ladder to paint a column white.
A blond child sleeping in bed with a blanket on top of him.
A boy takes something from a box being held by a man in a bunny suit.
There is a man that wearing black and white sitting on a pole with their face painted white holding balls.
A man is inspecting damage in a destroyed room.
A soldier dressed in combat gear scales a wall to join his fellow comrades on the other side.
A man standing in front of multiple piles of soil about shovel with others.
A young boy kissing a man on the forehead as he sleeps.
An older gentleman with face paint is playing the violin.
A snowboarder catches some air going off a jump on a snow-covered mountain.
A thin middle-aged man stands behind a podium in an empty banquet room.
A crew gets a plane ready to take off.
A girl in a red shirt is in a bowling alley.
A lady is smiling while sitting in front of Whole Foods and holding a food item.
A man is going fishing on his boat called 'Melanie'.
A man wearing a black jacket plays on his smartphone, while the little girl next to him wearing a scarf and blue jacket reads a book.
Long-haired man works in a white room.
A man wearing a tan hat and shirt, an orange safety vest, and dark glasses gestures towards a nearby car.
Four police people patrol on the streets on horseback.
An elderly man in a blue shirt standing against a black pipe.
3 man are playing music together consisting of guitar, violin and banjo.
A young blond-haired boy is going down a red slide.
Two children are playing doctor with an infant.
Two children are asleep in a two-child stroller on the sidewalk.
A woman and a young girl are happily riding on a carousel.
A baby in a white shirt is slumped over in a swing in front of the washing machine.
Two boys using chalk to write on a sidewalk.
A young blond boy is looking a red dog bowl and a shaggy dog is sitting behind him.
Two children playing in the now and rolling it into a large ball.
Two elderly women shop for flowers while an african-american man watches at their side.
A woman wearing black and white crossing a road.
A woman is walking across a step ladder bridge between two mountains.
One biker doing a stunt while onlookers watch in the far corner.
A person is show upside down on his bicycle over a large field.
Cowboy starting to fall off a bucking bronco.
Two men standing in a crane lift next to several tall trees.
Two girls lean backwards on tire swings and look upside-down at the camera.
Two girls lay stomach-down in the grass while sharing headphones to an mp3 player.
Six children sitting around a rectangular dining table with a green tablecloth and food on it.
A young red-haired child is about to take a bite of a blue frozen snack.
A young boy and 2 girls open Christmas presents.
A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.
Two men wrestling on the mat while the audience looks on.
A man is writing something on a marker board in a classroom as someone watches him.
A small boy playing with a gun.
Two young girls are riding a large bicycle on the side of the road.
Several boys playing around in the field.
There is an older man, ironing a shirt for his work.
Two people are hiding under giant bowls, possibly to avoid the sun.
A vehicle carrying hay also holds a young boy as well as two men who sit on top of the hay.
A little girl in a white tub holds a wooden object into the water.
A group of young men stand and sit around a fire pit while drinking and grilling their food.
A professor in a black blazer is writer on a chalkboard.
Numerous workers with blue shirts and white aprons are preparing fish for sale.
At the fish market, a worker measures and filets a fish.
A young infant cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned.
A boy in a orange shirt is sitting on a rock near water.
A game of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stop there opponent from catching a ball in midair.
A young brunette girl wearing a Toronto Maple Leaf shirt is posing with a hockey stick and puck.
A child wearing a blue shirt and shorts is digging a hole in the sand next two a small green shovel.
A gymnast is twirling a very pretty ribbon.
A man jumping off a diving board into a pool.
A boy is singing into a microphone, stage lights in the background.
Children participating in a sack race outdoors with many other children observing close by.
A newborn wearing a shirt that says, "I am the boss."
A barefoot man in black shorts is sleeping on a doorstep in front of a red door.
A person in a coat reads a newspaper on a bench.
A young boy in a red outfit holding a shoe trophy above his head.
A young person looking timidly at the camera.
A fireman is on the roof of the house.
Two children sled riding down a hill.
A group of Asian people looking at craft supplies being offered by a young woman.
Two women and a child sitting by a rock with knitted things.
Starting a game of hair hockey between two men.
A priest on the phone near some female military workers taking a break.
A man in a tractor going down a dusty road!
Firetrucks and other emergency vehicles are responding to an emergency.
A yellow hose extends from one of two off-white vehicles parked behind outstretched caution tape, as several figures gather on the sidewalk.
A man waiting for traffic to stop at road crossing
The silhouette of a person jumping in the air during a sunset.
A man is bending backwards with black straps around him.
A girl kneeling down in what appears to be a church.
There are several people outside looking at acorn squash.
Small child in red jacket and khaki pants at the top of a slide with a fence behind.
A man is on a boat on calm water and has the rope.
A bearded man wearing blue striped shorts, a dark tee-shirt and backwards baseball cap stands at the wheel of a ship flying a tattered red flagon open water.
A little girl holds the branched arm of a snowman.
A man and a woman are dancing together.
Children are working on an assignment at school.
Several tall women jumping into the air while wearing traditional matched outfits and sandals with three aloft hot air balloons in the background.
A child without a shirt running in the dirt.
The Pope and another man in a black suit are having a conversation.
An Asian lady stands with a cart of potatoes.
A man in a white shirt and jeans sweeps the sidewalk of a street.
A man sculpting a small clay pot on a spinning wheel
Person wearing a purple coat sitting in the snow under a tree eating a sandwich.
A young person sleds down a hill in the snow.
A man in a white shirt smiles as he sells his street food.
Skiers being snowed on as they trudge across the snowscape.
Several people are working in the warm manufacturing facility.
A little white boy dressed in winter clothes standing by a tree in the snow.
A man in a red jacket is using a machine on blocks of ice in front of several spectators.
A skateboarder at a skate park attempting a rail slide trick.
A person snowboarding on down a mountain covered with fresh powdered snow with pine trees in the background.
Two men in a field or jungle looking at something.
A man is crouched on his field harvesting roots in the middle of the day.
A man is walking through a field with some kind of gardening tool.
Two men who appear to be food vendors are pushing a red cart full of fruit.
A chef in white clothes is putting something into a brick oven.
Two employees knead and prepare dough for use with making cakes as seen through the window.
Group of people laughing with books in the background.
Young people on skateboards and one without a shirt jumping in the air.
A group of people hiking through ice.
Gentlemen wearing a black and yellow shirt is on stage playing the guitar.
Young people jog in the snow in this city scene.
A hiker in snowshoes out for a walk in the snow pauses to look at the camera.
One boxer attempts to punch his defensive opponent with a fierce expression on his face.
A young woman dressed in a purple costume with white wings is handing a little boy in a blue jacket a piece of candy.
A woman is sitting at a telescope.
A group of children are sitting close together and laughing while a boy in a white shirt is jumping over them.
A woman is shopping for fresh food at an outdoor market.
A basketball player in a white uniform is attempting to block a shot from a basketball player in a dark blue uniform.
A man is sitting on a skateboard on the sidewalk.
The skateboarder in a white t-shirt and blue cap sits on his board and coasts down the gentle grade.
Shirtless men in matching clothing raise their hands into the air.
A woman in a light pink sweater casting a fishing line into a lake.
A woman with a purple shirt wearing sunglasses, laying on her bookbag.
A man wearing an orange shirt picks up a french fry with chopsticks.
Multiple men in black and white plaid cloth, dancing around a torch.
The woman is relaxing by dipping her feet in water at a rocky area.
A few young girls in a classroom.
This little girl, her blond-hair held back by a red band, sticks her tongue out playfully at the camera.
A blond guy in a green sweatshirt is eating a sandwich.
A group of Indian young women and girls are bathing at the edge of a pool with their dry clothes and a building in the background.
Three little kids on a rock, looking at the water.
A dancer in a pink tutu strikes a pose outside of a building that is covered with graffiti.
Two kids, one in a white shirt and one in a black shirt, laying on pillows.
Policemen in riot gear, along with two police on horseback are charging a crowd that are behind a barrier.
Three men and a boy ride an orange roller coaster.
A small boy with an orange jacket digs in the sand in next to a flag.
A young adult smiling after sliding down a snowy, slopped hill.
A young woman is doing push ups in front of three members of the armed forces at a conference event.
A hiker poses for a picture in front of stunning mountains and clouds.
Three women and two men are using triangle-shaped nets in a stream.
A man is about to fall off of a ladder.
An Asian woman, and a black male, walking past the stairs to the subway.
A father with 3 children look at a painting of a wooded mountain scene.
Person with ski poles and a red jacket, walking on a snow covered tree over water.
Two Indian women sitting at a market behind vegetables.
A male dancer in beige lifts his female companion up on his shoulder, as she soars above the crowd.
A woman in jeans rock climbing.
Two men on a blue canoe in the middle of a large body of water.
A crowd watches a many on a bicycle performing a stunt.
A pilot is putting his luggage right next to the plane in the airport.
Two girls sit by a doorway on the steps.
A strawberry haired guy flashes his blue eyes and big smile at the camera.
A young child, pacifier in mouth, stands with her hands up against a glass door, looking outside.
There are several people but three in particular, coming from a shopping center with boxes and plants in their carts.
A shirtless, gloved construction worker is standing on a shingled roof.
Two monks in traditional orange robes are descending a staircase.
A man is chopping up food on the ground.
A girl in a green shirt is playing on a swing.
A shirtless man wearing blue jeans walks along a grassy area.
There is a man working on the roof of a house that is either being newly built or remodeled.
A man without a shirt working on a rooftop.
The keyboardist and a female vocalist share a microphone while a second man looks on.
A man has makeup applied to his face.
A monster truck flies through the air in front of an arena filled with onlookers.
Man sitting on an old fashion trolley.
A young boy in a long-sleeved t-shirt looks up at camera from an open area way above ground level.
Men setting up to take a shot with their guns.
A skier is leaning to one side to dig their skis into the snow.
A male teenager is sledding down a snow-covered hill in a green sled.
Two surgeons hard at work examining a patient.
Cowboy holding on to the horse
A woman with a bag stands on a street near a man leaning on a wall.
A woman in a towel is relaxing in a sauna.
A boy is jumping into a pool, and showing a peace sign to the camera.
A man with a beard, red headband, and leather vest smiles.
A group of young adults are organized on a hot day in a park with a fountain.
A woman wearing a halter top dancing in front of a band.
A snowboarder wearing a red coat is going down a snow-covered slope.
The little boy is wearing white shorts.
Large groups of families gather in an outdoor courtyard to pray for rain.
Man holds a line as hot air balloon is inflated.
A little boy uses a telescope to view an object far away while a little girl stands nearby and watches.
Crowd of spectators watching colorful hot air balloons in the distance.
A young lady equestrian riding a brown and white horse.
A scientist is looking into his microscope.
Three older women stop to look at an exhibit in a museum.
Q child in a red shirt creating a rock exhibit.
Lab tech looking through a microscope in a lab.
A few men play volleyball.
A person wearing a dark blue covered up attire from head to toe, with a mask and vest, holding a thin sword.
Boy in red shirt standing on roof of a building while another child looks on from below.
A young woman in a black blouse reads a book on a plane.
A skateboarder executes tricks on a jump off a ramp.
A man has climbed to the top of a red light pole and is touching the light.
A boy kicks a ball in his living room.
A group of African children display symbols written on chalkboards in the middle of a dirt field.
A woman cooking over an open hearth.
A boy in an orange jacket climbes through a play tunnel
In this photo, men are getting honored for their bravery.
A young boy around the age of 13 is playing in the snow and has a snowshoe on his leg, and is running
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
A jogger with a dog running towards a firetruck with extended ladder on a road
Two young boys are bowling with bumper guards.
A bundled up Asian girl wearing a Camelbak and walking shoes walking her dog in a snowy forest.
Man identifying tree species to young couple during snowshoeing trip.
A woman in a gray dress and high heels holding a baby in a pink dress while staring out a glass sliding door.
Two girls with duck floating are jumping into dark water.
A family holding hands in the snow are behind a man and his son, whom is wearing a blue jacket.
A man holding a microphone and hand covering eyes
A group of dancers, wearing black pants, tank tops, and black hats, are dancing, holding canes in the air, with their right legs slightly extended.
A man and woman get in the boxing stance to start their exercise.
A young girl with long black hair climbs on a piece of rope playground equipment.
A person with a black jacket is jumping in the snow.
A red race car with a driver in a sky blue helmet in the racing track.
Two men playing a doubles tennis match.
Children are playing 3 on 3 ping-pong in a gym.
A bearded man wearing a brown shirt plays the guitar.
A marching band is practicing in an outdoor field.
DJ guys being stupid for the camera.
A body modifier enjoys a beer while relaxing on a nice sunny day.
A man sweeps outside while carrying a baby on his back in a holder.
A woman in orange work clothes next to a large blue trashcan is helping a man sweep some dirt and water into a dustpan.
A girl is sitting on a guy's lap at a party.
Two boys try to eat a banana and an apple on the couch, but they are distracted by astonishment.
A young girl sits in the grass, admiring a tiny plant.
Two men with orange safety hats are inspecting the stump of a recently cut down tree.
An innocent child exploring what nature has to offer
An older man is sitting on a bus looking out at the scenery.
A man in gray on a rocky cliff, overlooking the mountains.
A man is sitting on a rock high up in the mountains.
A peasant farmer plowing his field with the aid of two oxen.
An exited girl in a bright pink shirt is observed by another girl in a light pink shirt.
Various people on a pier overlooking the ocean.
A young girl with long brown hair and a red sled plays in the snow.
A group of people are standing on a mountain in the snow.
A man with ice-climbing gear climbs on a sheet of ice.
Young man is skating on a road; on a sunny day.
A man in a blue rain jacket fishing during a rainstorm.
A little boy has his index finger in his mouth.
A little girl in a yellow dress with red flowers blows a whistle.
Musician in the middle of a large crowd.
A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.
Two men are duking it out in a boxing ring.
A little boy skating on his board and ready to take a flip.
A group of kids doing exercises in a gym.
These two people are using the oars to navigate in the ocean.
An adult and a child are wearing ski equipment in the snow.
A boy wearing a yellow hat and a shirt that says "Elmo", is pointing to his forehead.
A skateboarder uses a half pipe while people look on.
Two people are smiling at the camera as they ski up a snowy mountain.
Two men boxing a ring while one boxer is hitting the other.
A mother helping her small daughter with her skis on a sunny day on the slopes.
Men with crowns of leaves stand in a downpour.
Men dressed in khaki are holding a man by the arms.
A child is in midair on a bouncing carnival attraction.
A girl with a wooden slingshot, stands at the tree line and pulls the band on the slingshot back.
Young children playing in a green field of grass.
A young girl sets her foot on the ground to provide balance while riding her bike through the park.
Mother and child walk down the trail at a leisurely pace.
A man wearing a beret and black glasses strums his cello happily in the streets of an urban area.
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain.
A young girl in a green shirt holding a soccer ball while standing in green grass.
A girl diving in a public pool, enjoying the water.
A man and his sons have come to a small pond of water.
A young girl in a blue and green jacket is sledding.
Two men in coveralls are digging a hole with a shovel and some machinery.
Please help my family over here in Kenya.
A man in a yellow waterproof jacket and his companion are on a boat in the open water.
A skateboarder skates down a ledge next to stair steps.
A woman in a tank top and a man with curly hair play guitars and sing into microphones.
A man in jeans is lying on a wooden floor.
A group of 5 kids are dressed in winter apparel playing in the snow.
The young boy in red jumpos in the puddle.
Two figure skaters, a kneeling man in a black vest and a woman in a shining golden dress, twirl together on the ice.
A middle-aged man in a brown hat observes an open-air market.
A boy toddler climbs on a big white sleeping dog.
Child in blue trunks splashing in blue kiddie pool
A dog tries to play with a ball that is tossed to it.
A man supports a boy as he plays at a playground.
A young girl doing a trick in midair in front of a tree.
Two young girls are playing, one behind the other.
The guy is holding a black stick in front of a playground.
Man holds three burning sticks while standing near a playground.
Two people in a boat, one a red shirt and one in a green shirt, observe the riverbank as they row along.
A man in blue shirt and pants stands in front of a large sign displaying a yak.
A woman wearing skates, a helmet, and pads, jumping in the air.
Men prepare a sailing ship at a dock.
A man in a blue jacket smiles back at the camera, positioned in front of a lake or large river on a clear sunny day.
A blond pony-tailed woman and a gray-haired man converse while seated at a restaurant's outdoor area.
Police and firemen discuss what to do about the overturned SUV lying in the snow.
A woman is walking on the sidewalk beside graffiti tagged walls.
Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.
Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass.
A parade of men hold red and yellow flags as they wave them proudly.
People in snowy climate prepare to eat food on plates.
A man wearing snowshoes is going down a hill next to tiny orange flags.
A woman is elevated on a trashcan taking photographs.
A bearded man plays drums at dusk, and a man sitting behind him plays an electric guitar.
Three men with drums and tattoos stand near a guy playing the bagpipes.
Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.
A postal worker is holding a handful of items to be delivered.
A guy jumping off a dock into a body of water.
A man in a brown plaid shirt has his hands on a car's headlight.
A young teenage boy waring a green snowsuit is jumping over a set of power lines while two women watch.
Three men on horses chasing a bull in an arena.
Two men both wearing cowboy hats and ponchos riding horses chasing a cow.
Two guys with snowshoes making their way through the woods.
An Two Asian woman painting a piece of wood.
Five people are sitting together playing instruments.
A crowd of people watch a music band that is under a tent.
Four men are musically performing outside of a building.
Two males are riding horses chasing after a cow in a red wooden arena.
A man speaks into a microphone at a art gallery.
A girl in a sweater is at a temple with a variety of plants.
Three people riding their bikes on a sidewalk.
A woman wearing glasses is sitting on a swing, in a playground with a lot of trees.
A man in a robe blows bubbles in a bathtub.
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide.
A boy in a gray sweatsuit unpacking a DVD game.
Here soldiers in transport in a vehicle to some location, they are surrounded by other soldiers and equipment.
Young child playing with a soccer ball in a grassy area.
A brown and white Sheltie leaping over a rail.
A young children hanging upside at the playground
Two people in skis, wearing blue jackets, with backpacks are standing in the snow on a mountain near a marker.
Group of crosscountry skiers hike up a mountain.
A black dog finishes running down a blue and orange ramp.
A young girl is floating in a metal tub in a body of water, while holding a snake.
The black dog and the brown dog appear to be wrestling.
A man walking along wiping the floor at the airport.
A shirtless young man, standing under purple lighting, points to the sky with both hands while holding a microphone in one hand.
Two woman wearing skirts walking down the street together
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.
Two people dressed as animals near a crowd.
A short girl in a white skirt, black boots, and a gray-green jacket carrying a red bag on the sidewalk.
Two women with their hair covered talk in a kitchen.
A girl looking over her shoulder lies in a flowerbed and along a street.
A child is looking through binoculars on a boat while her younger sister waits next to her.
A full sized horse and rider guide a pint sized horse and rider through the stables.
A very weak looking woman is holding a pot and some branches above her head.
A guy in a robe sitting on the edge of a hot tub smiling.
A girl stands beside a laying dog while leaning on a fence and standing on the dirt ground.
A girl in a red tank and jeans is sleeping on a brown sofa.
A red-haired woman looks past the cameraman.
A young Asian girl in a tube top holds out her camera to get a picture with her friend who is making the peace sign.
A woman struggles swinging a hoe while harvesting in a field.
A small black dog chases a large animal in a fenced area.
A man is painting the siding, of previously beige building, white.
A man wearing a hat and apron samples a taste of simmering soup.
A group of people wait in similar attire.
Little girl in jeans and a pink shirt is wading along the shore.
A Hockey game features the white team against the black team.
A man plays a guitar on a stage, the lights bright behind him.
A guy riding his four wheel dirt bike while in competition.
A person wearing snowshoes is standing in the snow near a creek.
A construction worker fits metal pipes together.
Two people fishing on a dock with a long winding bridge in the backdrop.
A woman draped in and odd dress, reads to the audience.
A boy and a girl look at a blue Nintendo DS video game.
A Peloton of bicyclists riding down a road of tightly packed together houses.
A woman with earmuffs holds a paper that says "real change" on the cover.
A young ball falls asleep in a shopping cart.
A group of young adults come together to perform song complete with drums and a guitar.
Two dogs outside fighting over a red Frisbee.
A person rides a bike down the road, while another sits in a boat on the water.
Two women riding horseback over a grassy hill.
Two little boys in a canoe paddling down the river.
A woman and man are at a self-checkout station.
Person walking through the snow leafless trees in background
A young girl and boy on a ride at an amusement park.
A person with a ski mask, gloves and tan coat is laying on snow covered area.
A man with a gray shirt is mowing the lawn while his son is doing the same only with a toy lawn mower.
A campsite has been established amidst the trees and bushes.
A child is being taught by an adult to ride a sheep.
A boy in a red helmet hits a ball with a bat.
A woman and a cocker spaniel are playing in the snow.
A female speaker at the SVA Theatre is giving a speech.
Two young boys watching someone on a skateboard.
Two gentlemen gaze at their crops just outside of a forested area.
An intrepid cowgirl rides a mustang at the rodeo.
People are standing near water with a boat heading their direction
Big dog trying to bite little dog
Four to five ballerinas do a dance ensemble on stage for the masses.
A person standing in front of an aircrew monument.
Five people work along the shore in an Asian country.
A man walking his dog in a crosswalk.
It looks like the girl went shopping and got something from the AVEDA store.
Two people are digging the ground by a bunch of boats.
On a stunning blue tropical ocean, a man is in his boat fixing his fishing net.
A young girl with a painted face runs in a backyard.
A Young girl wearing a blue ski cap and red and gray two tone jacket stands between two bits of ice.
A well-dressed man is holding a saxophone and walking in front of a piano.
A woman and children are standing next to a large firetruck.
A brown dog is jumping into a pond.
A small boy wearing a polo shirt eating something.
A group of people are riding in a horse-drawn cart.
A group of five people are riding in a canoe in a river.
A group of people hanging upside down on a roller coaster.
Three people stand in front of a river by a city while one throws something into it.
Two female basketball teams watch suspenseful as the basketball nears the basket.
A bunch of hipsters in the bowling alley appear to be reacting to shocking news.
A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll.
Two children are jumping on a bed, the little girl is in black pants and is in the middle of her jump.
A woman shoots a free throw at a basketball game.
A boy with an oar walks out of the surf and onto a beach.
A singer performs with his band mates who are playing guitar and keyboards.
Three people play in the snow with a forest in the background.
Three children playing with a group of ducks.
A young girl is playing with a toy octopus in front of her Christmas tree.
A very young girl is sitting in a grocery cart near a grocery store deli.
A young woman in blue is carrying a box in a barren room.
A group of men play soccer in the desert.
A boy in a basketball jersey and black athletic shorts is standing on one leg in a street.
Woman pointing at a piece of art with glass covering it.
A boy stands in front of a junk yard which contains scrap metal and a damaged car.
The dog stands in the sand near the ocean.
A young child is standing shirtless in a dark forest; holding a small bird cupped in his hands.
4 guys in white outfits are in a studio.
A guy smiling with a stick inside a paint can.
Man jumping on side of road next to a car full of friends.
Two young girls are sitting on the ground making something out of straw while a little boy sits in between them.
Three people standing at the counter in a store.
A man in a brown jacket is sitting and working on a detailed painting.
A band is playing music in a light filled stage.
A toddler boy with blond-hair is taking a bath in a little blue tub.
A man is putting grass onto a car pulled by a lawn mower.
An older man using a microscope to have more finesse in woodworking.
A child in a brightly colored hat inspects her snow angel
A man with plenty of plumber's crack pounds a rock, for some unknown reason.
Four older men are playing poker on a patio.
A brown dog jumps as he looks at a soccer ball.
Small boy in blue striped shirt coming down large slide.
A guy with long hair and a wineglasses standing near two other men.
Group of Middle-Eastern men selling trinkets on street.
A young man in a red robe is smiling.
A lady is applying black fingernail on a dressing table.
Three men are standing in a police boat with many rocks behind them.
A child pulls a toy through a fountain with other children and people looking on.
A hand poking out of a black sweater sleeve is mixing an egg into a flour well with a fork.
A shirtless man with a dog next to him talking to a shirtless girl slouching on a bench.
A crowd of people are standing outside with coats and umbrellas because it is raining.
A woman jumping in a desert like area.
A strong woman in a blue shirt is lifting weights with a machine.
A black dog is emerging from a red tunnel.
A white and red ship filled with people sits in the water while a line of others are making their way to board.
A little boy stands in the doorway of a van.
Three people are walking through the snow.
Two heavily dressed people are preparing to make tea in the snow by a campfire.
A man in a orange jacket is falling into a snowy hillside.
Four ballet dancers in black costumes are performing on a stage.
Two young ladies in a bar drinking wine to a toast.
A skater grinding down a rail in front of a latin store while three onlookers watch.
A man in a bathroom looks in the mirror and applies shaving cream.
A young man snowboarding at night is midair doing a trick off a homemade ski jump.
Two men cleaning the windows of a tall building
A man is pushing a young girl on a scooter.
Snowboarder wearing an orange jacket and carrying a sky-blue bag snowboards toward a previously traveled trail.
Three individuals climbing up a mountain on skis.
A group of horseback riders travel down a dirt path.
A billboard advertising a vacation in on a run-down street.
An older man sifts water through his fingers as a young toddler watches from inside the water.
Two dogs are biting each other in the snow.
A man is painting a scene of a lake and boaters while another man watches.
A parent is shaving their face while a child messes with their hair.
A man in a purple and white shirt is assisting a man in a wife beater with his workout.
A fitness class with the attendees riding stationary bikes.
A woman wearing a purple outfit walking down the sidewalk carrying a white bag.
Two small kids play with colorful toy trucks on the floor.
A shadowy male looking at the far away hills.
A man and three boys sitting on a park bench
This girl is singing in front of many people wearing a nice fashionable dress.
Two people backlit with light sky.
A boy, wearing black and blue snowsuit and snowshoes, laying down in the snow.
A police officer on a motorcycle talking to two men on a cobblestone street.
Sunglasses wearing young white boy is standing in a field of white flowers and holding a soccer ball.
The little boy goes down the hill while an older woman looks on
A couple people walk on a path with a town in the distance.
A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks.
A man stands on top of an elephant in the water.
A smiling young child is wearing a costume.
A barefoot woman in sweats is leaping into the air with other similarly dressed people behind her.
Group sitting on a grassy hill resting.
A man in a white Coca-Cola shirt and newsboy hat listens to a band play.
Many men in purple are playing trumpets.
A man in a black top is jumping on a sunny day.
A group of people is having coffee and getting some work done.
A happy group of people smile for a picture at a restaurant
A construction worker stand upon a wooden beam and looks down.
A middle-aged asian woman at an event showing a red corset to an audience.
Two men are kicking soccer balls on a beach.
A diverse group of people sitting on the steps and half wall in front of a school.
A woman straps a cranky child into a car seat.
A blond baby is watching a dark-haired baby chew on a blue toy.
Two brown horses pulling a sleigh through the snow.
A man wearing a plaid short-sleeve shirt and light brown pants jumps high in the air in front of mist covered mountains.
A young boy in a brown jacket playing a piano.
A dark-haired person in a yellow top is seated at what appears to be a grand piano.
Elderly gentleman with long hair speaks into a microphone.
Three women rest at a table with blue napkins and pitchers of water.
A woman with dishes in the dirt.
Two women standing outdoors on a winter day in the countryside.
Four people in life jackets float on a raft.
A little boy is playing with a yellow shovel in front of a Christmas tree.
A young boy wearing goggles working on a simple science project.
Two people walk in opposite directions across a brick road.
A guy fixing a computer part turning to look at the one who is taking his picture.
A man with a beard and a vest is decorating his mantle with stockings for Christmas.
A man with short hair and a child are sitting as the child opens a present.
A mad sitting down drilling a hole into a glass bottle.
A man in a blue shirt is leading children.
People are actively grilling food on grills on a sunny day while other people stand nearby.
A woman is manning a grill with some meat
A group of young adult men are playing monopoly.
Woman with puffy jacket looking at soup items in a grocery store.
A young boy is sitting on the floor trying to take off his boots.
A woman in sunglasses taking a photograph
Two little boys are racing each other while a little girl watches them.
An old woman wearing a sunhat and pink blouse examines a grassy, swampy field.
A kid is jumping on a structure covered with soft material.
A group of tourists taking a ride on a horse-drawn carriage.
Five people in blue raking grass in front of a white building with a blue balcony.
A person wearing large glasses is reading an orange hard cover book.
A young man using a leaf blower to clean the fall season leaves from the area.
A man in a white shirt sitting with a woman in a blue blouse.
A female scientist and a male scientist look at a book together in a lab full of plants.
A black dog on a leash walking in water
A black dog on a dock about to dive into the water after a ball
One female and one male playing a game of bowling
A ballerina in a greenish and blue outfit leaps during her performance.
A beautiful ballerina with Christmas lights wrapped around her body.
Two people sweeping in a structure that has columns with pictures on them.
A bowler is about to throw a green bowling ball down the aisle.
A man in a blue outfit cooks while surrounded by plates of vegetables.
Hands with painted fingernails unscrewing nail polish.
Two kids are shoveling snow and one is sitting next to the pile of snow
A shopping plaza with many people.
Girl with long black hair and white helmet, pouring water from black kettle into mugs.
A climber in a yellow hard-hat is seen mid-climb from above.
A little girl makes a silly face while holding a trophy outside.
People walking on a beautiful day in San Francisco.
A group of people is standing on a street with towering buildings to each side of them.
A man is painting a vibrantly colored city scene.
Two men on a talk show together sitting in red chairs.
Man in shorts and t-shirt about to start using gliding workout equipment.
A man with glasses in a brown shirt talking while a man with glasses in a gray shirt listens.
A lone bodyboarder with an older man in the background
Two men, one being John McCain, and one woman sitting in red rolling chairs next to a white sign with a blue letter D and a number 5 on it.
A man is leaning back in a chair drinking soda and eating.
A little girl leaning over a small fence looking closely at a cow.
A young man is looking at photos on his computer, sitting at a desk.
Two guys in a foreign country cooking over a grill with people walking around them.
A dog running through the grass.
Two women stuff filing in wrappers while a man wearing a blue t-shirt looks on.
People go by old white walls with gray squares.
An injured football player on crutches, wearing a red white and blue uniform, looks towards the sky.
A group of people drumming while sitting in a circle at a gym.
A man in an alleyway getting ready to throw an object up to someone above.
Male adult practicing skateboard tricks at a skate park.
Two construction workers in orange vests are riding in a piece of equipment.
Members of a construction team discussing an issue with management.
A group of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the "Cyclone."
A construction worker is digging a hole in the street while another man watches.
A worker uses a jackhammer on boulders from a rockside, a dump truck is parked nearby.
One male in a black suit and hat holding yarn.
A woman's fishing pole is bent down as she stands on a boat in the ocean.
A closeup of a white dog drinking from a pipe.
A cello player and a violinist getting ready for their performance in an elegant room.
Girl on pink skateboard wearing black jacket
A man with a tan hat and jacket is fishing in green waters.
Three people sitting on a couch inside a house dressed warmly and the oldest is covering the two younger kids eyes.
The group is working with microscopes and wearing clean white scrubs, hairnets and face masks.
A casually dressed man is playing the guitar.
A man in a vest and tie is playing the guitar on a sidewalk.
Two young boys are wrestling in a sandpit.
Two hands paint a picture using only color, circular lids and fingertips.
Members of the Salvation Army are standing together as one holds an instrument.
A bunch of young people drinking at a bar.
Woman sweeping the street wearing a red jacket.
A skinny guy is eating a sandwich while using the computer.
A rolling pin flattening yellowed dough.
A painter sits on a swing to help him paint the walls of a building.
Jermaine from flight of the Concords teaching math in a foreign country.
The woman in the blue coat is talking on the cellphone while hanging up the gas pump.
Many people are flying colorful kites on the beach.
A man bent over in a forest wearing a red shirt and blue jeans, tapping the trees for maple syrup.
The women in the flowered pants is doing gardening.
A young African man holding a pen in each hand, studying a book while sitting near an open window.
A man taking frames on the road.
A boy with a red hat noticeably shocked by the spinning of a playground toy.
Two children laying on the ground smile at each other.
Two people sitting on a bench with their dog next to a body of water.
A woman is singing and playing guitar.
People holding umbrellas over their heads walk up a staircase next to an escalator.
A dog leaps over the bar.
A man holding a suitcase walks alone towards an escalator in a dimly-lit area.
Three street hockey players playing a game.
People are exploring a city with their maps and cameras out.
A number of people on a pier are silhouetted against the sunset.
A person in dirty clothes is cutting stone and writing something in Urdu
A woman in a printed outfit is carrying a tray on her head.
A toddler girl in pink pajamas playing with a toy house as her grandmother watches over her.
The truck driver pauses for a photo opportunity.
A woman on skis going up a hill carrying a pine tree.
A woman in a blue snow outfit is skiing, while dragging a tree behind her.
A black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach.
This could be a job mart or possibly a voting station.
An older man jogging on a treadmill made by Life Fitness.
A man in a striped top is writing on a blackboard.
A guy with an orange, gray and bluejacket pulling a cart down a sidewalk in front of a mural on a building.
Three men near the water with yellow vests and hard helmets.
A blond girl poses for a picture at Kerry Park in Seattle.
Men dressed in work gear assess a drainage area.
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.
Two men and a woman singing and playing instruments on a stage.
A boy in swimming trunks is splashing in a swimming pool.
The large dancer is slinging her hair around.
A girl wearing a swimsuit top wears a sign to give free hugs.
Man trying to pick up reluctant girl on street.
A man in a blue shirt and a man helps the cyclist while the man in the gray jacket watches.
An old guitar player without a shirt on is pointing, sweating.
A grizzly looking man with a big beard is playing the keyboard with a female band mate playing a guitar.
A man wears a black helmet and is on a black skateboard.
Lead singer for a band is holding a microphone.
A man with a large power drill standing next to his daughter with a vacuum cleaner hose.
A basketball player is taking a foul shot as his teammates and the opposing team watch.
Four people wearing snowshoes jumping on a snowy mountain with trees in the background.
A man depressingly glancing down as he sees a majority of his hair drop to the floor at the barbers.
A woman in a yellow blouse shaving the head of another.
A man who is playing electric guitar in front of a backdrop with planes.
A baby chews on a toy dump truck.
A dark-haired gentleman with a mustache and wearing a sweater is simultaneously pressing buttons on an old-fashioned computer monitor and the keyboard.
A man holds a sign offering to trade a poem for a football ticket.
Seven people, mostly in white shirts, dance in a room with one red wall.
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.
Boy on skateboard riding in front of tall concrete statue with bronze statue on top.
An old man and a young woman dance together while spectators look on.
A young boy in a blue shirt observing a fragile ball hanging from a rope.
Two girls are practicing yoga in a park.
A blond-headed female child playing with toys on a purple surface.
A boat named "ELOIN" floats on the water.
The dog is sleeping on top of the bed covered by the blue sheet.
A man is wearing a suit and driving a carriage.
A boy in a blue shirt looks at a woman wearing a multicolored dress while another child looks in the opposite direction.
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.
An Asian man is riding his bike down the street, where flowers and other vehicles are.
Young couple gets married in a park surrounded by trees.
Two asian men working on the side of a street with parked cars.
People are walking trough a city street at night.
A brown dog and a black dog on a dirt path.
The two girls are enjoying sledding in the snow.
There is three China men who are on a break from fishing.
A snowboarder making a big jump doing a trick on a high mountain.
A young skier enjoys the slopes with the chair-lift in the background.
A plush cartoon mascot posing with a young girl.
Several people holding mops standing around two yellow mop buckets.
A man is working on an unfinished roof.
A pastor and a young girl in the front of the cathedral.
Two children in pirate costumes play fight with their swords.
A person is taking a shower in a dark room.
Two children are dressed as pirates.
A person, wearing a hat and a purple sweatshirt, painting a scene of a harbor.
A boy climbs on a stack of timber despite a sign prohibiting it.
The merchant prepares his booth with tasty ethnic foods to be sold at the open air market that day.
Two men making clothing in a third world country.
A group of musical performers are playing and a crowd of people is around them.
A smiling woman carries two baskets full of produce on a bamboo pole.
Four men are standing near a bread stand outside while one of them takes a bite.
A pilot is cleaning a window of the airplane.
A man in a blue shirt walking a bicycle loaded with a large box on the back.
A nun is taking a picture outside.
A man is wearing a sweater and denim jeans is playing the guitar while a female is playing the drums
A woman in a multicolored shirt makes a hammock.
Three women are working in a field, while four children and a lady holding a baby watch.
A man holds a stick while three dogs watch and jump.
A woman dressed in a black jacket resting on a shelf in the beverage department in a store.
One football player running towards another player.
The three rock stars are members of a band who are playing at a concert where the colors red and black are prominent.
A group of people buying food from a vendor.
An old woman in a sunlit room winds rough yarn into balls, the finished yarn balls placed in a pile to her right.
Two girls in costumes sit on a sidewalk.
A man with an oriental hat on plowing a field in a blue shirt.
The kids ride a boat in the water.
A man floating about on the water looking at something white in his hands.
A man flies through the air over a large canyon.
A man waits at a bus stop next to a truck covered in graffiti.
A skateboarder wearing blue jean and a gray shirt performs a stunt along a graffiti colored wall.
Man sweeping debris from road with bundle of twigs.
The little boy is enjoying the company of his parents.
A young boy are girl are playing with toys next to a woman who is lying on the floor.
A large group of people raising their hands at a meeting.
A lady is painting a lot of boxes.
A large plane in the process of being assembled.
Two children, a boy and a girl, in the air above a trampoline.
The man is sweeping with a red broom.
A motocross rider, riding along a dirt track on a sunny day.
A man is using his computer while seated at a desk.
A young man looking at the sky through a personal telescope in the evening.
A young black girl is drawing colorful leaves on paper.
A man is smiling to take the photograph as he is working.
Three workers are lifting a red sack while another sits on a floating dock.
Dark-haired art student working on a project while standing up.
A little boy pushing his tricycle towards balls lying in the grass.
A woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk.
Football players charge toward each other on the green field.
A band is putting on a light show and a performance in front of a crowd.
A little girl is outside holding a snowball.
A person on ski's is clearing a jump in a beautiful mountain covered in snow.
A lot of people are sitting near the Space Needle.
A man with glasses and a green shirt is being kissed on the cheek by a billy goat.
A man wearing an orange shirt climbing rocks.
A young blond female tends to a tiny puppy in the outdoors.
A little girl in a yellow shirt holding a big snail.
Young people with matching hairstyles pose for the camera under a white umbrella.
A young girl in glasses and sweatsuit swings a racket.
A baby boy in a car seat is asleep and crying.
Two boys are playing with a damaged soccer ball.
A girl is being pulled by a string while sitting on a raft.
A Cirque de Solei performer shows off his impressive strength and balance.
A person carrying a microphone has a red covering over his head as he walks in front of a black covered table.
A man on a moped is driving through the streets of his town.
A little girl is sitting in a metal tub filled with water.
Two children water rafting on a lake.
A kayaker in whitewater rapids between two rocks, and a bystander on a rocky shore watching.
A girl in a pink dress plays with a hula hoop.
A man wearing sunglasses and wearing a red vest is standing in front of a red helicopter.
A young child splashes in a green and yellow wading pool
A brown-haired boy in swim trunks is flipped backwards over a swimming pool.
A woman in a trench coat hailing a taxi for a ride.
Two men, one in a black shirt, the other wearing a jacket, piling up wheat.
A man on a ladder making something with dried plants.
A man in black holding a bundle of hay.
An older gentleman showing pride as he shows off his gardening harvest.
A young boy in an empty hall with two others in the background.
A group of men on a boat that is tipped wearing helmets.
A child does a handstand at the edge of a beach.
A man at a mic playing a piano and keyboard.
An elderly man in coat and boots prepares a freshly caught fish.
Homeless man begging for money using humorous sign.
Two Indians are selling potato chips to pedestrians as street-side vendors.
Two children are sliding down a water slide on an inflatable raft.
A little boy wearing swim trunks plays in the ocean.
The baby is mesmerized and intrigued by his image in the water.
A kid with a blue Mohawk is playing a violin
A young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon.
A girl in a long-sleeved t-shirt with multicolored stripes, and black pants, is eating a topping from a homemade pizza she is preparing.
Numerous children gather around a table filled with food.
A girl in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowers.
Family dancing on side of a lake at sunset.
An Asian man attempting to repair a green bicycle outdoors while two other Asian men stand by.
Dog sitting on owners lap sitting in front of computer
A man in a military flight suit is talking on a portable phone.
Several men pull a fishing net up on to the beach.
Two men working on some pottery in a room with pottery on all the walls.
Two people that are getting ready to serve food to others.
A man wearing glasses using a spatula to lift a hamburger off barbecue grill.
Guy in a blue shirt flipping burgers and hotdogs on an outdoor grill.
A calm street corner with a man sitting on a stool looking at something on a small platform.
A man in a suit rides a brown horse.
Running faster than a speeding bullet and about to overtake the white sedan.
A man wearing a black hat is atop a trotting, white horse.
A man is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket.
A black dog plays around near a waterfall.
A child is riding a unicycle along a riverside path next to a woman who is walking a dog.
Woman putting on makeup while multitasking and talking on the phone.
This female with tattoos is sticking her pierced tongue out, while holding a can of beer.
A dog running through water.
A three-member band is playing on stage.
Asian men and women sitting on blue plastic stools eating.
Two women in pink jumpsuits are posing next to a white vehicle.
Two girls in skirts smiling in a park.
A tattooed woman plays the guitar and sings while her band stands in the back.
A Man with a fishing pole standing on a beach.
A place that looks like a skydiving facility people are putting on helmets.
A girl looks at a bug on her finger and looks scared.
A man walking toward a white ice cream truck parked on the street at night.
Man sleeping on an old couch in an alley.
Three African women dancing in native African attire while a group of people watch.
Man with storm trooper headgear on shops for candy.
An older man in a black shirt is sitting by three young children outside.
African men dancing while wearing a mix of traditional and western clothing.
A group of people walk up a ramp on a cloudy day.
A guy riding motocross in the dirt.
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
Three men playing long drums on a stage.
A group of children are looking at a sculpture in a museum.
A man and a young girl swimming.
Men walking on city street with a yellow bus and two FedEx vehicles in the background.
A man is performing for a group in front of a white house.
A couple young men sit on a stoop in a run-down neighborhood; one seems to be metalworking.
A girl in pink and man in black paddle through water.
A lady standing on an exhibition table for a ring tossing game.
A man wheels his luggage past a window full of blooming flowers.
Man with purple hair and a blue shirt fixing a vacuum with another white man, who is older.
A man paddles a canoe accompanied by a dog.
Skateboarder doing a kick flip off of a raised platform onto a sidewalk.
A band performing on the corner of the street.
A small boy in a red jacket stands in the middle of the woods.
A man and women tap dance for a crowd.
A man with a grimaced face forces himself to eat an unusual food with chopsticks.
Gentleman in a pink shirt beating drums while a crowd looks on.
There is a shop in a foreign country with a man behind the counter.
Two people in a lecture hall are holding a plastic sheet.
A woman is laying on a striped couch on a grassy yard in a residential neighborhood.
Elementary school child passing basketball in team basketball game.
The young boy with nice pants, a belt, and a tie is jumping off the steps
There is a couple people putting decorations on a horse and one person comforting it.
An African child has one foot on the pedal of his bicycle, stopping to look to his left.
A man is on a skateboard on a red ramp.
A smiling guy wearing glasses holds up another guy wearing a blue shirt and black pants outside.
Helicopter lands in field with lake in background.
A group of people holding bags are standing in line for a train.
A man in a black outfit are tossing up toy balls.
An Ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl.
A female singer singing in a smoky bar.
A father and three boys are walking into the water on the beach.
A man holds a guitar on stage during a concert.
A little girl in a hat and red pants balances on tightropes.
A woman in a blue shirt looks in to a store window.
People swing on a red, metal amusement park ride in front of some trees.
Some is waiting at a bus stop station
The kids in front of the building are playing with a bubble.
Man wearing a green sweatshirt and jeans falls off a ladder as three men watch.
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.
A group of people, mostly in orange and black, are walking around under sparklers.
A dog on a leash puts his front paws on a bar.
A man in an Elmo t-shirt is riding his bike through the woods.
A girl is standing on one foot with one hand in the air.
A young buy riding his skateboard outside on a handrail.
A man who is fishing from a boardwalk is casting his fishing pole over the railing.
A little girl with long hair floating in a colorful forrest.
An asian family of four sitting around a short table.
A man in a red coat and black hat plays a trombone.
A man wearing glasses and a ragged costume is playing a Jaguar electric guitar and singing with the accompaniment of a drummer.
Two children work on a project with woman.
A man pushes two kids in a large carriage while a little girl runs beside them.
A young woman bowls in a UV setting.
The cyclist is smiling at the wet dog relaxing in front of the house.
A black dog carries a bucket in its mouth.
A clown in red plaid pants and a pink hat sits in front of a tent.
A skier jumps over a gap.
A young man is performing a roller-blade jump in front of a glass building.
Two men wrestling at a match while onlookers watch intently.
As a man walks down the street a pigeon swoops behind him.
Two men pouring dirt in a field.
A brown dog with a harness is chasing after a red ball.
A man in an orange cap standing on top of a pointy rock.
A group of four girls meets with a group of elderly women.
Young black kids dancing with three doing a pyramid.
Children are addressing a crowd on red brick.
A man is looking into a telescope.
Woman wearing white, sitting in front of a stone wall, playing a string instrument.
A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb.
The dark-haired children smile at the camera while one of them sticks his tongue out.
A group of friends or family all jumps at the same time for a portrait while on vacation.
Four men, dressed in white overall suits that prevent infection, are in a room with mechanical equipments and a ladder.
Woman reading a book with a grocery tote.
A white dog with a muzzle trots on grass in front of trees.
A dog jumping over a fence.
A black puppy is playing with an orange on a carpeted floor.
A dog fetches a tennis ball out of a pool of water.
A young man in a blue shirt with white shorts volleys a tennis ball.
Two men wearing wetsuits riding a wave on surfboards.
A person skis down a steep snowy hill.
A man is talking and holding a piece of paper.
Two men in a classroom in front of a white screen.
Two men at a table discussing some paperwork.
Two women sitting at a table, one looking down and the other on a laptop, with a banner that says sweden in spanish behind them.
A boy rides his skateboard at the park.
A bunch of people are mingling in a fair where there booths with the flags of countries draped over the walls.
Two men are using a solar telescope to look at the sun.
Two women wearing matching headdresses sell their good in a street side marketplace.
A musician plays a xylophone for a crowd of children.
The lady in red is sitting in front of the fountain.
A blond-haired woman with glasses squats next to a mushroom in a heavily vegetated area.
A husband and wife are exploring a green forest.
Two women and a young man play a game around a table.
A woman with long hair, glasses and a long-sleeve shirt is sitting at a table, smiling.
A girl does a somersault in the middle of a grassy field.
A photographer snaps a quick photo of a yellow sports car.
A group of people trying to plant a new tree.
A little kid uses a mixer on some eggs with someone else's help.
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.
A older man cutting a cake for two girls sitting at a table.
Arabic woman buys fruit at the market.
A man is doing a flip in the air off of a sand dune.
A group of people in a tribe walking together.
A little boy is wet from playing and screaming from the streaming water while holding a toy puppy.
A man looking through a telescope with his son.
A woman with a black jacket sitting down while playing a piano.
A lit girl splashes around in natural water.
Numerous people exploring an art installation in a city square.
Four people standing near signs reading them.
A high angle view of three male musicians performing in a dark setting with guitars strapped onto them and a xylophone.
Children watch a man doing dance moves.
A young child in a polka dot shirt hangs upside down on a tree swing.
There are lots of guys running together outside.
A person is sleeping under a table covered in a yellow blanket.
Elder woman chases after her granddaughter in a restaurant.
A man with a shoulder length fro on stage and holding a microphone with "Pop! Tech" sign in the background.
People are walking down the sidewalk.
A man with a mohawk, a beard, and a leather jacket is sitting with a girl with a pink mohawk and glasses.
A little blond girl wearing yellow laughing and running.
Dark-haired white woman, wearing a white t-shirt and jogging pants rakes leaves
The man in the white hat is sitting by the pictures.
A man in a black shirt is holding playing music on a street.
A man playing the saxophone on the street maybe wanting money.
People are using the far left of three escalators, which are enclosed inside an elongated tunnel.
Four men in dark shirts are on their laptops.
A collie plays with a white ball in a field of green grass.
An adventurous man navigates through the jungle with a long stick.
Four people wearing white are on a small boat with others boats and run-down houses behind them.
People setting up chairs outside in a parking lot.
A Pee Wee league football player wearing a purple jersey navigates the football past opposing players in white jerseys.
Two girls holding cups of water while walking next to a barbed wire fence.
Workers getting ready to begin an evening shift in a nearby company's complex in town
Four children playing on a tent-like structure
A sitting crowd is watching one man, wearing a red shirt and black pants and suspenders, lift another man, wearing a mask, into the air.
Three people are doing handstands by some trees.
Two sets of street performers performing for a group of three on the street corner.
Two black dogs play together on a lawn
A woman wearing jeans and a green t-shirt jumps in front of a silver statue outdoors.
A heavily made up brunette woman sings into a microphone.
A man with a mustache and a black shirt is playing the saxophone.
A man is sitting at a bank of computers while wearing a headset.
A man wearing a vest and tan khakis shorts standing on top of a car.
A man speaking into a microphone with his fingers in a teddy bears nose.
A man in an orange shirt is using a mac computer.
Little girl hugging and adorable cat
One person is sitting on a large rock while another person is standing nearby
Children play badminton on the lawn.
Four men wearing T-shirts and playing musical instruments perform in a band.
People working on flowers at a flower stand.
The white boat on the water have stopped.
A young girl licks a plate and has cake all over her face.
A teenager is sitting behind a cardboard box smiling at the camera.
Girl poses on the edge of a porch.
A man with creepy face paint wearing a bodysuit is free falling.
A boy crouching behind some small logs playing paintball.
A father playing a song on his guitar for his son.
A man holding two bags of ice enters a house.
A group of six people are in a meeting conversing with one another.
A woman is pulling a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
A vehicle comes over the top of a hill.
Three men are bailing hay.
A man wearing a blue cap with a white long-sleeve shirt and blue pants is playing golf.
A few men sitting on sofas, playing a board game.
A man in a dark outfit is swinging a tennis racket, while three men in the background look on.
A man and a woman in a big red dress dancing.
A little girl dressed in dark colors stands on a rock overlooking a large pond at the park.
A young boy jumps feet first into an indoor pool.
A woman wearing a tank top is lighting a cigarette while sitting with another woman.
Police officers on horses stop by a group of boys.
A barefooted woman, near a body of water, strikes a martial arts move, in the autumn.
Six musicians play their various instruments.
A man in jean overalls and a red shirt is making giant bubbles for the passersby.
Singer gets caught up on a high note and fractures a vocal cord.
A girl wearing blue goggles on her head makes a face while laying on the grass.
Six children splashing in an outdoor water park.
The boys are in a karate class today.
Children taking part in karate class.
A football team of young boys wearing yellow and black striped shirts are happy, with one child hugging an adult.
Dressed in his team uniform of yellow and black he plays soccer.
This is a classic European style cafe, with a woman standing behind the counter making coffee.
A photographer snaps a midair action shot of a snowboarder.
A bicycle racer slides down the hill toward a flag while spectators watch along the tree lined route.
In this photo there are three teenagers playing soccer.
A boy in a plaid shirt is pulling a cart full of plants.
A group of teens are picking plants in a garden.
Some youngsters are playing a card game
A group of people are taking part in a ceremony.
Students are sitting lined up on stair steps while they wait and check their electronic devices.
Participants, dressed in long white tunics, at Burning Man Event posing for group picture in the evening.
Men in white and flame robes walk carrying a huge torch.
Children in a classroom learning and being creative.
Two boys are having fun playing with a toy car.
A man on a bike just hit a dirt ramp and is midair.
An artist, wearing flower print shorts and white t-shirt, completes a project with an Asian theme.
Two handymen re-painting or cleaning a brick wall.
A man in a green shirt and blue jeans seasons meat as it cooks meat on a grill in a backyard.
Men and two children catching fish with a net.
A young man wearing a plaid shirt sings into the microphone and plays his guitar.
A fisherman with a boat full of fish.
A woman wearing glasses is sitting at a table soldering an object.
A woman in an orange outfit is bending over backwards.
Young person stands in spray from a fountain under a cloudy blue sky.
A man in red pants working on his bike with a wrench.
An older woman stands by turntables as another female flips off the camera.
A little girl in a pink sweater is using a telescope at night.
A bicyclist in white and black tights is drinking in front of a mini van.
Two men in white suits and glasses with a drink.
A young girl sits on a blue bench drinking out of a straw.
Cheerleaders throw each other into the air by a football field.
A young girl is wearing a costume and placing her hand on her chin.
A male and a female are hiking in the woods.
A man wearing a mustang shirt is getting ready to throw a knife at a competition.
A couple dressed for a formal event posing together.
Two men and a woman standing at the bottom of a cliff face.
Man in gray shirt resting a bike against a tree.
Two bike riders are riding their road bikes through a state park filled with campers and other bikers.
A girl bikes on a path near a bunch of trees and a house.
A group of male bicyclists talk outside a bar with their gear sitting on the ground.
A group on bicyclists by their bikes in a parking lot
3 male bikers staring at the left side of the picture.
A man fishes near some white waves.
The girl is sitting at the counter between the bucket of flowers and the cardboard boxes.
A wild dog runs through the desert.
A man in a fluorescent construction vest is showing off a model of a building at a meeting.
Grant prepared to hit his golf ball while his caddy and scorekeeper waited for him.
An audience watches as a large man is about to crush something with a rubber mallet.
A woman in a grocery store is reading over a note.
A woman wearing yellow and blue leaping backwards over a bar.
Two people are climbing a portable rock wall
A girl wearing a paper hat opens a present wrapped in pink wrapping paper while others look on.
A woman with glasses sitting in a chair and crocheting.
Child with purple shirt and blue jeans is atop a brown horse.
A brown dog and black dog are foraging in some brush-land.
Three children and a man play volleyball, barefoot in sand.
The black dog is running though the water with a pink ball.
A woman sitting by pink flowers hanging up laundry on a line.
A scuba diver stands, bent over on the shore.
A person in a green shirt is sitting on the ground near a fence, with fruit laid out near her.
A man is disposing of liquid located inside the cardboard container.
Little girl in a blue and yellow plaid outfit and blue hat is running along the trail.
A man wearing a green shirt on the runway fuels up a jetliner.
One lady cutting a cake while the other is holding a plate with other plates stacked up in front of her.
A group of adults are sitting around a table playing a game of cards.
Three women in black coats talk and laugh in an art gallery.
A young girl happily running through a park clutching her purse and toy baby.
A black dog in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth.
A Goalie in yellow is holding onto a soccer ball with a player in blue behind him.
A boy runs with a very small football down a paved walkway.
This photograph is of various individuals looking through telescopes in a plaza.
A dancer in a vibrant pink dress swirling around.
A child using a vacuum cleaner on the kitchen floor.
A colorfully dressed man drives his equally as colorful bicycle rickshaw down the street.
A woman with a blue shirt and hoop earrings.
An older man dressed all in black reclining on a gray piece of furniture.
Little girls having a birthday party chaperoned by a man.
A person on a balcony is standing next to some clothes drying on a line.
A man talking into a microphone with a woman standing next to him.
A smiling man with a yellow hard hat is peeking out from a manhole.
A blond dog shakes water off next to a lake.
A little boy in a black t-shirt plays with a toy NERF gun.
A young boy in a pile of leaves.
3 cute little girls with something green in their hands.
A woman is chasing two sheep with a broom.
A white man with a blue shirt is on stage singing a song, his black guitar player is standing behind him providing the music.
Girl with short hair singing.
A woman with a basket of flowers talks on the phone next to a woman in a wedding dress.
A baby is sitting outside in grass.
This appears to be a work place or research location, possibly a farm, but a very damp one that has some funky looking green mold creeping up the walls.
A young boy riding in a swing.
A man is standing on top of a large pile of hay which is being pulled in a cart by two horses.
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in midair.
A group of men and woman having a meeting outside a warehouse.
Two kids drawing on the wall with crayons.
A man on a bike and in the background a man performing a trick on a skateboard.
A woman in a red polka dot dress is singing into a microphone.
A young girl takes a swing at a Scooby Doo pinata while other youths and an adult observe.
A man is looking at his camera
A shirtless singer at a concert in front of a cheering crowd with arms up in the air.
A woman in red stands with other people outside.
A man, in the American flag swim trunks, swims underneath other at a pool.
Dog running through the woods.
A black man in a striped shirt stands eating out of a cup, holding a yellow water bottle.
A Whistle with whistle in his mouth carries a tray full of food up stairs.
The little girl in the pool is wearing a red swimsuit.
A man is singing into a microphone.
A large fountain with several people sitting along the right side.
A beautiful array of colors are displayed from a dancer.
A man with a floppy chefs hat is holding a condiment bottle while looking over his shoulder as if talking to the man behind him.
A man in a blue shirt is standing on the beach and throwing a stone.
A man, wearing a shirt and a lungi, is carrying bundles of straw on his head across a farmland.
Colorful Bollywood dancers in action on a stage.
This image has a checker-table with four beverage glasses and an ashtray.
Three workers paint the outside of a house on scaffolding.
The child in the striped shirt balanced between the wooden railings.
A pilot is driving a small engine airplane.
A dark-haired woman draped in a gray cloth looks out of a wooden door.
A singer in the spotlight poses in his leather jacket.
A young boy wearing white and a shirt reading "85" is in midair, doing a martial arts kick.
A little girl planting her first flower in the sand.
A man and child underwater in a swimming pool holding their breath.
Man look through a telescope in a city.
A man in a suit jacket with a  free word  sign.
Two girls dressed in white and one dressed in brown.
A man holding out a deflated soccer ball to a gray dog.
A woman is kneeling near lanterns while a little boy plays in the sand.
A woman with glasses, wearing blue jeans is holding an infant while pointing up.
A man is showing a younger girl how to scuba while tackling the waves.
A woman with gray hair is taking a picture while a man stands beside her.
A man wearing a tie is talking to two women.
People sit around a table with a red tablecloth that has food on it.
A boy and girl are on a blue trampoline.
A lady dressed in red laughing with a lady dressed in green holding plates of food in their hands.
A very smiling baby sitting down wearing a striped jacket on a bed.
Man with black hat, white shirt and sandals, laying bricks on a construction site.
Several people inspecting the merchandise displayed in this tent.
A young girl with overalls and crazy hair sitting in a green field while eating a red and white object
Several teens are smoking and drinking at night.
A young black girl emerges from the bathroom wrapped in a bathrobe and towel.
Two men working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses.
Two girls and a parent getting a dorm room set up for the school year.
A toddler helping mix something with a manual mixer.
Two opposing football players with one in black tackling the one in white.
In a science museum looking through a telescope.
Two football teams are playing and one is holding the ball running as the other team is running after him.
Two man playing a game and disturbing.
A man waving at the camera holding a stick with a pile of wood.
A man is holding a calf while being licked by another cow.
An Amish lady is preparing a Clydesdale horse to hook up to a carriage.
A woman balances a small child on her hip.
Young men are attending a religious ceremony in a fancy building.
A working man is standing by the cart looking at something.
Someone holds up a snake by its head and tail for the camera.
Child playing and hiding underneath hay.
A man with glasses looking down at something in his hands.
Dennis Hopper looks to be talking to Cristy Ally.
One man, dressed as a police officer, with a microphone in his hand and his eyes closed.
A young boy wearing #24 uniform is yelling during a football game.
Two men are speaking too a woman outside, there are trees around them and a building in the background.
A woman holds up a piece of lace as behind her men in ponchos play music.
A man with a blue hat and blue uniform who is working on some equipment.
White fluffy dog running in the dirt.
A woman wearing shorts is feeding two llamas or alpacas in a field.
Players are getting ready for a game of laser tag.
A lady in a yard holding a dog while another dog is jumping
A group of cats sit in the grass.
This is a man, who has a rope in is mouth, and a baby cow up in the air
Woman adjusting a child's face while another child stands next to her smiling.
Two women are outside making something with pots, pans, and bowls.
A cyclist works on her red upside down bike.
A little kid is climbing a gate to a wire fence.
A girl in a red shirt is sitting with a laptop on her lap.
A lady with brown hair has a silver ring on her finger.
A young girl is mixing something yellow in a bowl.
A man sits contemplating something while a man sits over his right shoulder drinking a beer
A young woman rides in a car.
A young boy in jeans and a blue shirt is wearing a blue helmet.
A hand holds an ornate piece of metal.
Three men wearing shorts stand in the parking lot of a building labeled a "factory."
A man taking a picture from a cubicle with the lens cap on.
A large class of graduates wearing robes and mortarboards is waiting for their diplomas.
A man who was stuck in the tree.
Soccer players dressed in red and white uniforms walking on a field.
A girl cleans the hardwood floor with a Swiffer.
Two people, one in light jeans and a striped shirt, are playing pool.
An Asian girl eating a hotdog at a diner.
A distorted image of a young boy running
A man with a brown scarf blowing smoke.
Female painter is painting on a vase with three people watching her.
A man and woman, both wearing black, dancing together
Two little girls wearing bright dresses are blowing bubbles with bubble wands.
Asian woman in crowd, carrying black bag with "pain" and spiked knuckle graphic.
Three white males dressed in casual clothing, one in blue overalls, one in an orange ball cap, and one in a yellow shirt, are walking across a yellow scaffolding.
A man with no shirt on is tying a yellow transparent bag closed.
Three people sit looking out to road, holding a map between them.
A man is reading a newspaper while waiting for a train.
A woman is in the air while wake off a wave.
Two girls in a bed of flowers with their arms stretched out.
A group of three older people and three younger people stand grouped together in a body of water.
A person is being lifted out of the water with an old lifter.
A young woman appears to being pulled out from a drainage canal by a chair attached to a wooden 4 by 4.
A group of people gathered around looking at two men lifting a woman on a wooden seesaw.
The very tired black lady was wearing her new red blouse, as she rode home on the bus.
A little boy in a yellow t-shirt is being taught to write.
Pedestrians are gathered at a street corner, in front of the Lyppens and Schipper storefront.
Two men in suits and hats walk together.
Students having a break after taking engineering examinations in their school main hall
A man at a fruit market grabbing for some fruit.
A man dressed in black and white is standing on the side of the street eating an ice cream cone.
Dog staring at something with a toy in his mouth.
A city street with a lone man walking in the middle.
An elderly man in a suit locks his bike.
A man waits at subway station platform for subway to arrive.
Two men playing instruments on the street to entertain passer byes.
Four men, in red hats and orange uniforms, walking near a hedge.
A man bends down on a rock.
A man in a white shirt is eating, standing next to a fence.
White dog at the edge of the water.
A person is riding a bike in a tunnel.
A woman enjoying a drink in the sun.
An Asian man squatting in the street with is belongings.
A man standing with his eyes downcast.
Two people are standing in front of a table of food.
A waiter is standing at a table.
A white-haired man and a brown hair lady are walking together and holding hands.
Children resting and walking up many steps.
A woman in an orange shirt and white pants attending church.
People looking at items at an outdoor sale.
A photographer stands in the shadows in front of a wall covered with graffiti.
Two men and two young women work on a blue bike.
A man in a light gray t-shirt is driving a bright red Coca Cola truck.
Two men walking the beach with guitar in hand.
A woman in a shirt is crossing the street on a cloudy day.
The man in the blue jacket walked past the pay phone.
Two men are on a beach looking in the distance.
Two women in coats look at a outdoor jewelry display.
A street vendor wearing a chef's hat and several people gathered around him and his cart.
A girl and a toddler are looking in different directions on a sidewalk.
An Asian couple are sitting on a wooden bench in a wooded area reading and looking around.
A sports bar where you can watch the games.
A small Asian child rides on the back of a woman who is wearing a hat.
Small middle eastern child in sort of wooden underground cave.
A man is checking his phone while walking his dog along the pier.
A man in a black shirt walking his dog during the sunset.
A young couple gaze into each others eyes while riding an escalator in a shopping mart.
A woman uses a spoon to serve food.
Two men behind the counter of a sweet shop while two people look at the sweets.
The woman with the scarf is watching the man cook.
A man walks down the street next to a wall with a giant mouth painted on it.
A woman in a black tank top hula hoops.
Many male workers are standing outside of a building in green and blue suits.
A child wearing a hat and backpack walking through town.
A man with an umbrella is standing on a hillside and its raining.
A middle-aged man crouches in a dirty room.
An old man in a white tank top is itching his head.
People walk across a crosswalk.
A man wearing a green shirt and carrying a shopping bag is reading the newspaper on a city corner while a woman looks on.
There is a parade with people dressed in costumes.
A man in a white shirt and pants holds a rope and looks up.
Two old men in polo shirts.
An older bearded white man wearing a blue shirt and red jacket looks down at a hotdog he's holding.
Several people idle around a plaza in the shade.
Woman in pink and green tank top listens to a man in green carrying a blue backpack.
A man in orange talking on his cellphone.
A little person is holding a yellow flag with a red logo on it.
Spectators observe as London Arsenal FC practices soccer on their field.
A group of Asian women dressed in colorful clothing and holding fans.
A woman is posing outside with a designer umbrella.
A man standing in the street enjoying the architecture of a building.
A woman in a black beanie looks up at a bearded man.
Two women are standing around a covered table outside surrounded by beautiful flowers.
A professional soccer player trying to cross the ball, while another tries to make the tackle.
A lady in a pink coat walking with a small pink umbrella in her hand.
A student is rushing to class while wearing headphones.
A young boy looking back at the camera while sitting on a red scooter.
A man riding his bike with newspapers in the basket.
An old man is talking to another man who is wearing a military costume and is near a monkey.
A clown holds her ears with a balloon in her left hand.
A woman wearing a white tracksuit is stretching her foot above her head.
Girl maneuvers a bike through a Tent set up outside.
Two street vendors sit on the sidewalk and wait for customers.
A couple walk past a cafe where another couple sit outside.
A lady in a blue shirt making a funny face at a little girl biting something in a restaurant.
A man on a bike is walking a dog along a boardwalk.
A man wearing a blue sweater and a tan sock hat is smoking a cigarette.
A woman looking up on a crowded street.
A person in a salmon colored shirt takes a picture of something above them.
Two females are embracing each other.
A child in a white shirt coming out of a swing in midair.
A street scene of people on scooters.
A woman in a gray dress is posing outside the Louvre.
A boy on a green bike gets a call.
A young boy looks at the camera while wearing a New York hat and a black and white striped shirt.
A man wearing a blue blazer is walking outside.
Men in the army holding a guns.
Two African soldiers entering large stone archway one man giving thumb's up.
A man wearing a gray helmet next to his moped in a busy area.
A gray car waits for the light to turn green at an intersection.
Three blonds dressed in black and white walk across a bridge in the daytime.
Workers are wearing their hard hats while on a ledge.
A group of people photographs something upward at the same time.
A young backpacker sits on a bridge overlooking a river.
Two men with ladders are working on a fence.
Smoke is coming from a jet in the sky.
Four males of varying ages carve out designs on large white slabs in a messy, open to air workshop.
A man sitting with his small dog.
A lady rides her bike on a wooden deck at the beach.
Construction equipment in front of a building with a mural of a man being lifted by black birds.
A group of mostly younger individuals hanging out in a hotel hot tub.
A dog looks out over green grass and flowers.
A man leans over to kiss a woman on a bike near a palm tree.
A blond-haired child stands near his bike on an unpaved road.
A woman is applying makeup to herself.
A man sits on a blue scooter in the street.
A man in a blue shirt and black pants strolls by an irish pub.
A woman sits on concrete steps next to a drawing of a heart.
Two boys play on a city street; the one with glasses gives a V-sign to the camera.
Man with red-hair in green pants under an umbrella posing for a picture.
A group of surfers paddle out into the water.
A woman wearing a white blouse is walking away from a building.
Many young people ar sitting on a wall and hanging out together.
Two Men playing drums in front of a crowd of people.
A girl seated at a desk in a library lays her head down on a book.
A police officer writes a ticket for poor parking.
A woman standing by a bike, in front of a store and tunnel.
Two people stand in front of a building with graffiti that reads "Boss Life".
An elderly woman with a bag walking under an airport sign.
Two people lounge in a large outdoor area.
Three tan men on the side of a mountain take a break from digging.
A man takes his cat on a walk in town.
Two woman are sitting in the back of a truck eating.
People sitting and walking along the street of a city.
A man in a beige and white striped shirt, brown shorts and shoes with one hand on his face and one foot up looks ahead.
A man is driving a very small vehicle.
A woman standing next to her bike waiting to cross the street.
Person parachuting, with the sun and sky in the background.
A young woman dressed in green and brown is sitting on the steps with a paper in her lap.
A woman in white pants holding a baby looking at the ocean.
Three people sit looking over a drainage ditch next to a crocodile warning sign.
A woman walks past a fountain with palm trees in the background.
A woman and her daughter wait for their ride after getting groceries as two people walk past them.
A boy in a flower carriage pulled by dogs.
A small group of dogs pulls a cart full of children which are covered in flowers.
Couple shares snack at public monument on sunny day.
A woman in leggings and tunic, reading a flier on a light post.
A woman bending over to look in her bag.
Five people wearing scuba diving gear are gathered together in calm waters.
A semi-nude mannequin is posed in the window.
A man looks bored while another man looks through two jewelers microscopes while a kid is entertained.
A man walks down the sidewalk with a backpack and a package.
A man and woman are kissing on the corner of a street.
A girl is screaming as she comes off the water slide.
An Asian man studies the interior of a glass building from the street.
A grinning man with spikes of multicolored hair and large ear-piercing
A parade is taking place and people are dressed with bright colors.
A man walking with a protest sign.
A brunette in a orange shirt playing with a green and white hula hoop.
A woman and a man are dancing in public
There are bushels of vegetables for sale at a marketplace and a man is pushing his loaded down bicycle.
Women walking down the street in jeans, black high heel boots, and a beige handbag.
A woman wearing jeans and a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette.
Lunch outdoors on a sunny day.
A woman with a shopping bag walking toward a street.
Two men are standing on some wood, both wearing hats.
A man wearing a dark blue shirt and red backpack walks by a graffiti-covered wall.
A girl smiles outside of a store.
A woman holding a black bag is holding on to a fence.
A man, woman, child sitting on benches waiting for the bus.
A woman with feathers in her hair and a henna tattoo on her face is looking off-screen.
An old woman standing near bags of things.
A group of women, some wearing hijabs, gather around a woman sitting on a moped.
Men wearing red safety vests and carrying signs walk down a street where an explosion has occurred.
A guy walks with fire in his hand and a cgt jacket on as two guys take his picture.
A girl wearing sunglasses and an orange tank top hula hoops.
A young woman searches through her purse near the entrance.
Three women are riding in a cart.
A woman in black leans over a multicolored bench while looking into a red bucket.
A man wearing a gray shirt is holding a hammer.
Smiling children are sitting on concrete slab displaying a small item in their hands.
A boy swings at a pinata during an outdoor family party.
A little boy with a striped shirt walking through the grass near some trees.
A woman and a group of children living in poverty.
A man in the blue shirt is taking a photo with a family he met while on vacation.
At a theme park or basketball court.
White man with long gray beard, wears a black top hat and long black suit as he walks down the street.
An older woman stacks plates to place in her cart.
A woman with an orange shirt is walking past a 1 hour photo shop.
Four women walking through an art gallery.
A woman wearing a pink, polka dotted backpack holds a toddler.
A girl in bright clothes dancing with a hula hoop.
Three people in a small boat next to a wooden dock where two other people are standing.
A hard working man speaks his mind into his megaphone.
A man sitting in front of a wall of graffiti.
A man is wearing gloves and a safety helmet.
A man in a white shirt, on a motor scooter waiting for traffic.
A woman in a white dress with blue jewelry is holding a rooster.
An older person waking outside in the daytime with sunglasses on.
The country music group - Sugarland, performing.
She shades herself with her little yellow umbrella, as she shows off her fancy long dress.
A man walking down a shady street with a shopping bag.
An Asian woman in a red polo shirt is looking over a counter.
A couple sit outside of an establishment.
A woman, wearing a colorful bikini, rests laying down next to the blue water.
Two girls are raising another girl in the air.
What's a trip to the park without visiting the snack bar?
Two young men wearing camouflage stand in the grass.
A lady wearing a red shirt is seated next to others on a sidewalk and holding a camera.
Many people in white shirts are walking down a street.
A group of darkly clothed men gather outside and speak enthusiastically.
A firefighter dressed in gear looking puzzled.
Two firemen getting ready to get onto a firetruck.
Vendors sell fruit in an open-air market under an olive tree.
A man sitting at a fruit stand talks to a boy wearing a bookbag.
A scuba diver is playing the drums.
The outside of a business is shown with a trashcan and four people walking around.
Two men run in a race, side by side.
Two firefighters with "Seattle Fire" on the back of their gear face their truck.
A fireman gazes out around him in deep thought.
A Seattle firefighter standing in front of his truck.
A man next to a horse is sitting in a chair selling artwork.
A man doing window shopping for his shoes at a sports shop located in the city of angles
An elderly man sits in a chair in an alleyway.
A woman in a red shirt is waving while standing behind another woman with black hair.
A mock statue of liberty is standing in the crowd.
A child sits on a motorcycle which as an American flag coming out the back.
A woman talking to a person dressed up as the statue of liberty.
A black dog is being chase by two brown dogs on the beach.
Two dark-haired young women dressed in t-shirts are running in a race.
People boarding a blue, white, and gold train.
A man and a woman with backpacks are outside.
A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.
A clown handing out American Flags and entertaining some children.
A lady pushes a stroller while a man carries a child on his shoulders while walking and wearing Labor Day 2010 blue t-shirts.
Many people walk along a crowded street.
A young man stands outdoors in front of electronic equipment with his arms folded while another man in the background wears headphones.
A crowd of people walking through a walkway of sorts.
A person sits in a park while playing a small instrument.
An older woman in a dress stands near bushes.
Someone who doesn't care about the earth was here.
A young child dressed in a white robe.
A black dog and a white dog play with each other and a green ball.
Some people participating in a road race.
People dressed in formal attire prepared for an event.
A yong woman in a gray shirt holds a necklace she is wearing.
Two male athlete in black shirts are running along a street.
A man paints a vivid orange and yellow wall.
A woman with a large purse resting her foot against a wall.
Two girls walking underneath a purple umbrella.
A person hitting a ball in a game of Cricket.
A woman with thinning hair is working in a meat processing plant.
An Asian man prepares his produce at his stand for the daily market.
Brunette woman in a white shirt, standing in front of a counter.
A brown-haired woman wearing a red shirt, a blue backpack and sunglasses on her head.
Woman wearing colorful scarf amidst people cheerfully grins.
A seamstresses works to fit model mannequins in her darkened studio.
California running back is taking a hand off.
A female in a flowered shirt holding a brown menu.
A man talks on his cellphone in private.
Someone laying on a big tanned sofa outside next to a parking meter
A group of people look at sand sculptures.
A man wearing shorts and black shoes performs in front of a crowd.
Customers are waiting to get some food.
A man walks along a cobblestone path, next to a large blue wall.
People walking down a pub-laden street surrounded by billboards.
A woman in a green shirt is running a race and looking at her watch.
Three running men participating in a marathon.
Three dogs play together on the green grass.
A man pumping gas while on his cellphone.
The girl wears a purple outfit and swings upside down.
A group of women dressed in purple are gathered together near a truck.
Smiling kids with silly blue hats on their heads.
A cowboy being thrown off a bucking horse at a rodeo.
A man is walking down the sidewalk to his destination as he reaches inside his pocket.
A girl sitting on a rock looking over the lake.
A man wearing red sits up in the air on a platform.
A man in blue makes his way through a crowd during a race.
A man is midair performing a trick on his bike against a cloudy blue sky.
A man selects a tomato at a market.
A man in a white shirt and a woman in an orange top sit together on the beach.
A man wearing a white shirt and black shorts is walking by some old buildings.
A girl dressed in black with a purse on her arm is smiling at a man in a room with lots of desserts on the table.
A woman walking with groceries walking past graffiti
A Coke truck is driving pass a blue truck parked on the side of the road.
A curly-haired man plays guitar at a ceremony while people look on.
Some people are gathered in front of a building with posters strung up on the walls.
A group of people are having a conversation outside of a building.
Several Indian woman in brightly colored clothing are working.
A man in a yellow t-shirt holds a large camcorder.
Women dressed in red and black dresses walk in a circle in front of a store as a small crowd looks on.
A man with tattoos carrying a skateboard gives thumbs up on the sidewalk.
Two men paint modern mural on a wall with a inclining walkway.
A few people stand near white pillars in front of a yellow wall.
Two men dressed in white robes and red capes ride bicycles while carrying staffs topped with skulls.
A man in dark clothing sits on a bench in front of a truck.
Asian couple with two children are looking at fruits and vegetables at a stand.
Two workers wearing hats are standing in a field.
An old man sleeps on the grass at the foot of a large tree.
People are clustered together on a city street.
Two street people and a dog sitting on the ground and one is holding an "out of luck" sign.
A woman is holding the skirt of her dress up.
Worker wears a mask to protect his face from spicy chili fumes.
Black man juggling a basketball, bowling ball and a tennis racket.
On older Asian man in a yellow button down is looking at the camera.
A parking lot in the city with people walking through it.
A girl in a dress is walking down the street and the street is full of trees.
Crowds of people walking down street, couple in foreground with umbrella.
Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.
A man and woman are crossing the street wearing formal clothing.
A blond woman with a 40s hairstyle and leopard print shirt.
A little boy falling asleep in his dad's lap on a green lawn.
A crowd of people coming down the stairs from the court house.
The older lady in the white skirt is wearing pink shoes.
Old women using a walker to go down the sidewalk.
A woman is kneeling on the ground taking a photograph.
A man in a white t-shirt sitting on the hood of a car.
A man running a marathon talks to his friend.
A woman wearing a dark top and dark sunglasses is walking in wedge heels and making a face.
A man is parakiting on a body of water.
A young man is sky surfing with a board that has painted an orange flame skull
Four men are walking down the street in their orange attire.
Two women in swimsuits by a bench are staring up at a giant white balloon.
A young man in a black t-shirt with a green hat standing.
A man rides a wakeboard attached to a parachute.
Two people sit in front of a computer while wearing sunglasses.
A child and an adult are walking down the sidewalk.
A woman walks along the sidewalk in front of a mirror
A girl waits to cross the street while comforting a baby in a stroller.
A young man wearing glasses looks frustrated in a laundromat.
Four people sit outdoors at a white square table as a man in a striped pink shirt stands and talks to them.
Brunette woman sits on a chair on the corner of the street reading.
A couple is walking up the stairs to a bridge in a downtown part of a city.
A woman in a brown shirt sitting on a bench.
A man tilts forward on one foot at a bowling alley just after releasing the bowling ball from his hand.
A man in a black shirt bowls an orange bowling ball.
City sidewalk with posters on a wall, several people walking by with city buildings in the background.
An excited child running in a race.
A group of three Asians standing in the middle of a big city discussing something.
A guy on a motorcycle at a streetlight.
A young blond-haired boy wearing a number on the front of him leans on a railing.
A caricature artist sits under a red and white striped umbrella.
A city street in which one women with a brown bag and white clothing passes a show store.
A woman in a striped shirt points to something with her blue umbrella.
A lady with blue hair sit and plays a guitar in front of a blue wall.
A woman is sitting by the water near two students.
A young boy in green pants is standing alone on a road.
Many people protest as they walk down the street.
Two dogs are wrestling over a piece of black material.
A woman in a red shirt and hat smokes beneath a religious-themed placard.
One kid is chasing another kid who is holding a football.
A woman poses with a minstrel in a city square.
A woman with large leopard print earrings takes a video.
A teenager in a red shirt is riding a bicycle.
The big white cow is decorated with a red ball of yarn.
Three cowboys on horses work together to rope a calf.
A man wearing a mask with green dreadlocks and blue gloves stands in front of a woman in a brown cardigan.
3 people riding motorcycles down the street.
A woman in a red shirt standing in an open courtyard doing an exercise with a man in a white shirt and pants onlooking.
Group of people on deck of beach house
A man in athletic clothing, bending down to tie his shoe.
A shirtless little boy playfully shields himself from a fire engine's spray with an umbrella.
These little girls are in Chinese geisha outfits and makeup, holding red umbrellas.
A man standing near a stick structure.
A young man walks through a puddle outside with a blue three wheeler bike is parked in the same puddle.
This man is stretching his scarf and cheering.
A few people are walking in a waterfront area.
A man in a shirt that reads Hippie Killer smiles at his girlfriend in a Return of the Living Dead shirt.
Groups of people are walking down a narrow street, a woman wearing a black shirt is carrying a white umbrella.
A bus stop contains many people with interesting items.
A jockey rides a brown horse on a sidewalk by a body of water.
Two little boys are fixing a little bike.
Two black and white dogs on the sandy beach fighting over a long stick
The people are crossing the street towards a restaurant.
A group of small school boys wearing uniforms take a break in front of a large monkey statue next to the ocean.
A person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall.
A large group of young children are lined up, while several adults look on.
Person in a green hooded sweatshirt, looking at the view.
A group of men and women hanging out on a cliff and recording scenery.
Three young kids sitting by a beautiful view.
There are people walking down a busy nighttime street with signs lighting the way.
A bald man walking among columns on a sidewalk.
A woman walks with her bike behind two people carrying umbrellas.
An arrow pointing at a man in a white hat who is walking by.
An elderly woman in blue and red crosses the street in a crosswalk.
Three young men face an older man with a whistle.
A girl is taking a photograph on a nice lawn while others lounge next to her.
A young boy stands in a button-down shirt and shorts.
Men and women walking down a sidewalk next to a garden.
4 people appear to moving various objects from a building
A man in a canoe throws a fishing net out into the water.
People filming a lady who is reporting.
A person flying a hang glider over a city.
Two opposing footballers play on a field.
A man walks down the street in front of a white van.
A woman who is performing on stage with a microphone.
A man in a ball cap stands in a crosswalk with a flag in a crowded city.
There is a wave about to take down a surfer.
Two people embracing in front of a building with logo on the building that says Monk Kok.
A child in a knight costume having his picture taken.
A couple places their arms around each other walking down a long corridor supported by stone pillars.
A woman examines a sample through the eyepieces on a microscope.
A young hockey player playing in the ice rink
A group of children playing with props
A man with no shirt on is standing next to a dumpster outside.
A woman hula-hooping in a red shirt.
An overhead view of people walking on the street down below.
A long city street surrounded by large buildings
One man, in a blue jacket, is sitting in the rain under a green umbrella.
A free runner is jumping a rail.
Several people are singing into microphones and drinking.
A woman wearing shorts and high heels is listening to something on her phone.
Lead singer of a band holds a paper and a microphone stand with this band playing behind.
A man sits on the beach next to a pole.
Three men in hard hats, a couple, and a child look down upon something.
2 Chinese people wearing traditional clothes
A group of people gather and take pictures in an inner city common grounds.
Five people are standing under an Asian archway.
A man in a baseball cap and sunglasses in standing inside a candy kiosk.
A group of people relaxing at some tables.
Brown dog with mouth open standing amidst greenery.
A mother pushing a stroller and holding the hand of a toddler.
A man in a blue sweater and black pants exits a news and grocery store.
A woman with red-hair looking to her left.
A man leaning over a car with a beard looking at the camera while working on a car.
Two young men talking in front of a Penn State Basketball table.
Two people dressed in athletic clothing walk down the street, while the taller of the two is holding a basketball.
Three people are standing on a fire escape.
A woman is sitting on a moped inside a shop.
A tourist boat on a river by a fake old building.
A tanned woman is riding a bicycle while wearing a white bikini.
A mural with an eye and hands says "stop the violence, we heart a safe N.Y."
A blond girl with a blue coat is putting her helmet on to ride her bike.
A young lady is sitting close to homes with solar panels.
Two men wearing red pants and holding onto a vertical ladder, appear to be doing acrobats outside a building.
Little boy with a green and red outfit and sandals, squatting down on a sidewalk.
A group of people who are dressed nicely are relaxing together on green grass.
A group of men standing atop a submarine
A man wearing black pants and a hat sleeps on a bench in front of a histories building.
A blond woman sitting with her legs crossed with her eyes closed.
A woman in black, seen from behind, sits next to a body of water.
School children dressed in yellow.
Two men stride side by side on the sidewalk along a red painted wall.
People in traditional military fare and two people riding elephants somewhere in Southeast Asia.
A woman is sitting in the corner eating a sandwich.
An Asian girl standing outside a building.
A young man in a striped hoodie looks at an artistic Levi's advertisement that says "We are all workers."
Girl with turtleneck sweater and guy with large bushy hairdo wait to cross road.
A group of people walk, in a relaxed line, across a brick paved courtyard.
It is dark out and two women are standing around.
Two females are wearing bikini tops and very short shorts while walking down the street.
Four people in skydiving gear in a plane high above earth.
A man sitting and a woman laying in his lap kissing each other.
A man with a hat leaning against a post reading a newspaper.
Three policemen are standing around someone in a gray sweatshirt with stripes.
Two men standing outside next to a building.
A poverty stricken housing area with a lady in black with white headdress in the distance.
A crowd waits to interact with some people in an indoor location.
A person painting a mural on the side of a building while people are standing around watching.
An Asian woman in a white shirt sitting in a blue chair.
A woman in a white hat and a red and white striped shirt sitting on a wall.
Vendors serve food on the street.
A man grabs for support as he walks on a scaffold.
Old man standing with white t-shirt and hat.
A family sits in a conservatory with lawn chairs and has a picnic.
A couple in business attire sit on a corner cafe with al fresco dining.
A bride and husband are seen outside of building after they are married.
Two men sitting on step outside.
Three men sitting on the curb in front of a convenience store.
A girl watches sports players by a wall covered in graffiti.
A woman in a blue bikini top is walking.
A girl with hot pink toenails and bathing suit is laying on a hot pink towel.
A Chinese man is pushing a wheelchair with nobody in it on a busy Chinese street.
Man on the sidewalk sitting on a motorcycle.
A family of three relaxing in the middle of the day.
Many people are watching a man in yellow make animal balloons.
A young girl is driving a pink toy Cadillac car.
This is a young boy on a beach holding a stick.
There is a guy barbecuing and he is wearing glasses and a red hat.
A man is sitting aboard a vessel and reading a newspaper.
A beautiful city shot with a fountain and a lady sitting on some steps.
An older man walking past a buildings covered in graffiti.
A man wearing a white T-shirt and blue overalls is walking down the street.
A man wearing jeans and sandals drawing in a wall.
A girl in a pink jacket is going headfirst down a red slide.
An old couple is walking down the street holding hands.
A man and a woman are wearing helmets while kissing in the street.
A young blond lady is having a cigarette while she walks.
A man is walking on a sidewalk in front of a building.
A man takes a break from his hiking trip.
Two men speaking while looking over the railings over a river.
A group of people look off of an observation deck.
A man is wearing a plaid hat, a watch, jeans, numerous accessories, and a shirt with a white circle and the number four in the middle.
A male figure standing and peering across a body of water.
Six people sitting by the window in a restaurant, getting ready to order.
A old man with a cane standing outside.
A monk in a cream tunic standing in a marketplace.
Man with a weapon lying against a wall.
A man with glasses reads through a menu on the lake-side patio of a restaurant.
A group of people standing on a sidewalk.
A policeman is roping off an area with police tape while onlookers watch.
Seven firefighters are looking up at a building.
A large group of cyclists ride down a city street.
This lady is wearing a pink shirt and tuning her guitar
A woman is sitting down on the sidewalk is receiving a wristband given to her by another woman.
Two people kiss in the street of a well-lit city.
A teenager develops his skateboarding technique in front of a beautiful, ornate building.
People are on a ledge outside of a building.
A person on a cellphone stands at a window in a high ceiling room with black white an red tile.
A boy sits on the grass near a geometric sculpture.
A group of people in orange costumes stand around large packages.
Men and women in a military parade.
A chubby man rides away down the street on a bike.
One young girl is holding a baseball bat over her shoulder
A young blond woman walks through a street with a black purse.
A child in a red shirt is sitting on his father's shoulders.
An older man with gray hair is standing outside of a store.
A man and his son walk by an adult video store.
A family, daughter in the middle, walks down the street.
A man sitting alone on a picnic table in front of a yellow truck eating lunch.
A young man and lady are walking on a sidewalk next to a white building.
The woman is looking closely at shoes she likes.
A little girl kicks a ball in front of a soccer net.
People using crosswalk on big city street.
The girl with the pink workout gear is doing a flip.
A man in a black shirt is under a fire ball.
A young boy eating a small cake is in a shopping cart filled with groceries.
A man in a white shirt smokes while giving instruction.
Young woman with scrabble shoes and white rimmed sunglasses talks and smiles on cellphone while opening package.
A man and woman are enjoying the view of the city.
A young couple holds hands as they walk along a city street.
Two women, one wearing pink and one wearing orange doing kitchen chores.
A group of snowboarders fly over the crest of a hill.
A woman in a blue talks with a fruit salesman on the street.
A biker with long blond-hair eating an ice cream cone.
A snowboarder makes a jump in a competition.
Two boys on skateboards in front of a statue of a soldier on a horse.
Two women are sharing an umbrella walking down the sidewalk.
Older man in a white shirt and a black tie wearing a black beret and walking down the street.
A man wearing a prison jumpsuit is having his picture taken
A man in a hat with a camera and a lady holding a sign.
A motorcycle rider is making a sharp turn.
An Asian man in short shorts and knee pads jogs down the street.
A boys choir group is responding to gunshots fired during a ceremony.
A man without a shirt, sitting on a chair on a riverbank, talking on a cellphone.
A snowboarder in the air, with a colorfully-decorated board.
A number of people cross in front of the top of an escalator.
The man ponders his situation during a stroll through the yard.
An older couple pose with a motor scooter, while wearing renaissance festival clothing.
A girl with a white dress is posing for the camera.
An elderly woman dressed in pink is walking and clutching a magazine.
Lady in white shirt with a green bag posing for the camera
Two people can be seen in the distance in an alley between two large buildings.
A girl is holding a camera and making a hand gesture.
A female is walking up a ste of steps with water to her left.
A man with a large mustache and purple hat.
Motorcyclist racing on a track with a yellow dirt bike and a Kawasaki-branded green advertisement sign.
Several people buying food at an Asian food market.
A crowd of people with the focus on a woman with long blond-hair and a black shirt.
A woman in a batman shirt walks down the boardwalk.
A crowd of people wait at the top of the stairs outside a building.
A group of people are standing on steps in front of a building.
A woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a body of water.
A group of people congregate at a mall.
A man is browsing things for sale on the street.
A woman in a public market cutting a chicken into small pieces
Yellow light bathes several diners sitting outside of a small French restaurant.
A couple walks down a pedestrian street at night.
Man with a backpack on walking down a street, red information stand in the background.
A city at night with people walking around.
A couple takes their own picture in front of the Arc De TRiomphe, from across the street.
A man in a hat is sitting in a chair.
A boy with a white shirt rolled up is showing his stomach and smiling.
A man takes a photo of a woman wearing an oriental style hat on a small dock.
A gray and brown dog jumps off a dock into a lake
A young man with a retro hairstyle waits beside a car.
A young couple walking outside by a wall with graffiti on it and a light blue older model car.
This is a man shoveling snow, next to a car.
Two men and a woman stroll down the city street past storefronts.
People walking along on a street at night.
People are in an area where there is lighting illuminating the area.
A crowd of people on a street corner, three boys with their shirts tucked up.
Many pink and purple balloons are crowded into an outdoor area as a woman with an umbrella walks by.
Man in a blue shirt and red shorts standing on the sidewalk.
The lady with the dark shades on is in a conversation with her friends.
A girl sits on a skinny canoe.
A woman with black hair wearing a sleeveless dress stands next to a car.
A green bike is parked next to a door.
An action shot of a kid in green performing a skateboard trick off some steps.
A man is wearing a very strange hat.
Two dogs chasing each other in the grass
A child in a green shirt rides a bicycle.
A busy city scene with many different types of vehicles either parked, or moving along on the freeway.
Several people are standing at a bus stop.
Young boy in white shirt runs on a track holding a marker.
A man wearing a green long-sleeved shirt is running.
Two teenage boys are racing- the one with long hair is winning.
A young woman having some break on a big perimeter wall.
Two women are talking to each other on a street.
People sitting outside in a park on a rock.
A man and two women are patronizing a vendor on the street.
A woman is talking to a man.
A man and a couple of woman preparing a yellow vehicle with supplies to take to a destination.
The couple relax on the steps studying the guidebook.
A man playing an instrument underneath some stairs and a red car in the background.
This Photo is in another Country, like Japan?
A man, with a dog, holding a leash and a small bag.
A man on a bike is riding through a small crowd.
An older man with his hard hat in hand, standing and staring out at something.
A man and woman are standing with two red bicycles.
Two people, one in a red shirt, are sitting by the water facing some boats.
Men in white suits stand in the road and along the side of the road.
A man in a black leather jacket turning his back to a trashcan.
A woman in a black shirt looks at her camera.
A woman with sunglasses is walking past a brick building in the city checking her cellphone.
A man in a blue shirt is on a phone.
An older man is looking at a woman in a yellow shirt while they sit on benches in front of a stone and plaster wall.
A child plays in a Wiggles car while a man watches.
A man in a black hat is holding a cellular phone in front of his face.
A person standing outside an old building with headphones on.
Three people including a long-haired girl with her arm outstretched and her hand palm up.
A woman in a black shirt with a yellow headband sits with a coffee.
An elderly woman pushing a cart filled with boxes walks by theater sign for "South Pacific".
Man with no shirt walking behind a truck.
Lots of people sitting at a table with green umbrellas on it.
Cars are parking at a convenience store.
A man in a blue shirt is walking over a bridge.
A man with lei's around his neck, holding a microphone.
A man without a shirt on walking behind a maroon Ford truck.
A woman on a scooter is stopped at a city intersection.
A man in a black shirt looks at the camera; various textiles can be seen hanging in the background.
A man in a black sweatshirt walks three small dogs.
An elderly Asian man is sitting on stone steps in what looks to be a downtown business environment.
A group of motorcyclists riding down the street.
A girl n an orange dress rides a bicycle on an otherwise empty street.
A man rides hid rickshaw down a deserted street.
A young girl holding a small child who's wearing blue overalls.
A small dog wearing a denim miniskirt.
A bride talking to men at her wedding.
A couple walking down a street.
Three children play on the grass under a multicolored umbrella and wearing rainbow colored outfits.
A dark-haired woman wearing a red skirt and white top uses a pay phone.
A lot of shirtless and messy men are playing a game.
A group is looking at things for sale.
A man in a yellow shirt standing at a long table looking at different kinds of flower arrangements on the table.
A very calm, peaceful lake with a mountain in the background and a man fishing.
Man in a orange and white stripe shirt sitting on a boat talking on a phone.
A woman ropes a calf in a rodeo.
Two women walking down a city sidewalk, one is wearing black shirt with red pants other wearing blue sweatshirt with jeans.
Two guys one guy i ridding a white horse.
A person riding a horse trying to rope a calf that is running from them.
A woman is ridding on a horse is beat a cow.
A woman in a bikini top that has a tattoo on her back is looking to her left.
Two horsemen are chasing a cow around the lot.
A woman in a pink tank top rides a horse in a rodeo.
A couple are waiting near their bags, as some walkers pass.
A man on horseback, inside a corral, is chasing a steer.
A man playing on road and a ball is running.
Three women and one man sit in a room with two instruments.
A little boy playing on a playground.
Two men ride horses and talk while other men are also riding horses around them.
A cowboy wearing a brown shirt that says US Army holding a horses lead.
Man directing a herd of cows down a path while riding a horse.
A man in a cowboy hat rides a brown horse.
A woman riding a brown and white horse trying to rope a calf.
A young girl is blowing the seeds off a dandelion.
A middle-aged man in a Superman shirt and knee socks walks down a sidewalk past a brick building.
The two men are riding horses to chase a white horse.
A older man, a middle-aged man, and young man are each sitting on a horse and looking in various directions, in a corral near a large tree.
Two boys wearing green shirts playing ping-pong in a tournament.
A white man is sitting on a brown horse as he swings a lasso around above his head.
People are playing a sport and wearing green shirts.
Two men in plaid shirts riding horses and they are lassoing a calf.
Two women reading while sitting on the bench.
A group of people with their faces painted are standing outside.
Two people in makeup handing out papers on the street.
An Asian man stands on a brick sidewalk in front of a red scooter.
A crippled women playing a sport.
A group of people in clown makeup perform on the street.
The man is walking through a field carrying hay.
A young girl is outdoors looks at gowns.
A woman walking down the street in the rain.
A nice road and walkway by a river leading up to a bridge.
Paddlers are getting in a water fight.
A shirtless black man holds two caucasian blonds, while one girl holds his head in her hands.
The parade of the Olympians is crowding the stadium.
A man is checking his cellphone, while two other men are buying beer at a store.
A bike messenger walking in the park.
A man in a green shirt is carrying a basket above his head while talking to a group of people.
Green cloth material in front of a street, with people walking by in the background.
A young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy plane in the air.
A glassblower is crafting a beautiful piece of art in his fire.
A man dressed in a white superhero costume with a gold star is jumping in the air in a public square.
People walk down a street during a rainy day.
A crowd of men dressed as Japanese samurai are striking various poses.
A parade of some sort is taking place.
An outdoor event with a guy securing a tarp to a shelter.
A man is blowing water out of a pipe.
Two large dogs are playing together in a yard with a tall fence.
A man in brown shoes sits against a gray wall.
A blond girl in a pink sweater is holding a baby.
Identical looking factory workers are paying attention.
Two little guys sitting on a brick wall, the younger one is reading something to the older one.
A woman covers her head while outside in the bright sunlight.
A naked man sitting in the park near his bike reading the paper.
A girl kneeling before the edge of a cliff
A woman has a green and white jacket lifted up over the top of her head.
People are throwing tomatoes at each other.
A man wearing a blue shirt is on the sidewalk giving another man a shoeshine.
This young Asian man rests for a short while outside of an office building.
A child who is missing one shoe is sitting on a red cushion.
A man and woman are sitting on a bench facing a poster of a woman.
A young woman wearing a black and red striped shirt stands in front of a microphone, across stage from a guitar player.
A green Animaniacs mug next to a man writing on a desk.
Someone wearing black shirt and shorts and another wearing gray top and jeans skirts are walking their dogs.
Woman talks on her phone while picking up burritos.
Men throwing tomatoes from a large trash ben.
Two women are pulling suitcases along a wide sidewalk.
A woman is walking on a sidewalk across the street from a Discount food and clothing store.
A man and woman are looking at many balls on the ground.
A little boy in a brown and orange shirt is sitting by a street.
A busy, recreational trail near a waterway accommodates walkers and cyclists.
A man walks down a brick sidewalk pushing a box.
Young black males playing basketball in a gym setting.
Two men shave at an outdoor sink as a woman looks on.
A person in a yellow shirt cycles past a historic looking building.
A woman in red sitting waiting to have her fortune told at a fortune tellers.
The little girl plays along the shoreline as the seagull passes by.
A woman on a scooter with a cigarette hanging out of her mouth.
Three women dressed in white are walking together.
Three men are deciding to eat a chicken from a local store.
A black car passes a Walgreens.
Two women reading a poster on the Berlin Wall
People riding an old looking trolley.
A man with a backpack staring to the camera on a yellow abstract background
A man sitting on some steps on a sidewalk of shops.
This path leads up to the apple market entrance.
An Indian woman in traditional garb walks by with an umbrella.
Two women wearing boots and holding bags are talking to each other.
Construction work on a road in the downtown area.
Female in a military uniform with her hair tied back.
A person in a red shirt and black pants hunched over.
A man in a cream blazer and fedora plays the saxophone.
Various people hanging around outside of a building.
A man looked very small, as he walked along the ancient building.
Two men and one women are standing in front of a stove cooking.
Two men and one woman wearing suits walking down a street.
Some Asian teenagers withdraw money from an ATM.
A skateboarder performs an aerial trick amongst dingy-looking walls with power lines crisscrossing the background.
The man is wearing orange in front of dust and debris.
A man in a black baseball cap is sitting on a bench.
People looking at expensive equipment and smiling
A woman in brown is holding her child in front of an Asian-inspired building.
A woman reads her book at a local city park.
Several glass and ceramic items are arranged on shelves with a mirror backing.
People riding the escalator rather than taking the stairs.
The dog with all the comforts of home and yet still has no home.
A woman in an orange shirt is enjoying food in a public setting.
A man in tribal dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barrier tape.
A yellow can in New York City.
A man in a blue helmet is walking beside smoke and a red truck.
A woman in the hospital is holding her baby
A black child sitting on a toy giraffe biting his fingers.
A little boy running through the grass with a flag.
A person in a green and white shirt is riding a dirt bike near a group of trees.
Two people wearing backpacks walking along side a building.
A group of people at a flower stand look as a large amount of waterfalls from above the tent.
An individual pushing rain off the tops of the canopy.
A woman is sitting next to a flower stand in front of a McDonald's restaurant.
Raining outside and three black umbrellas and one yellow and pink umbrella.
A man in an airport waves at the camera.
People sitting down in a busy metropolis.
Two mowers cutting down palm tree branches in a nearby community college during a windy day
A person huddles under a blanket while sitting on a bench.
A woman and a man sit on a stone bench, with tall buildings behind them.
An older man performs repairs on a young man's bicycle.
A couple stops on a bride to look at a pond.
People with umbrellas walking past shops in the rain.
A woman holds a black umbrella and a white shopping bag in the rain.
A woman focuses her digital camera at major event.
A schizophrenic man paints a caricature of two men despite there being only one woman.
Woman sitting atop a row of blocks.
A man with flowers looking out his second story window.
A train station platform at 11:27 in the morning.
A woman performer on a stage with a microphone.
An older gentlemen cleans the bar while a man behind observes.
A man with a backpack reads a book near a woman relaxing on a concrete slab.
A little girl runs down a path in a Japanese garden.
The street lamp is the focal point, but there is a person bent down directly behind the lamp.
A man and woman are laying towels down at the beach.
A man and a woman walk past a storefront.
An asian man in glasses and a blue dress shirt is giving a presentation using a projector.
Man in long-sleeved t-shirt sitting at a kitchen table eating from a paper plate.
People riding on a motorcycle on a waterfront street.
A geisha stands outside of a store peering to her side.
A man tickles a young child in front of a sunny window.
A woman riding a blue bike is carrying a white chair on her neck.
Man in a field takes a photograph looking downhill.
A woman with tattoos who is wearing a black tank top looks at the ground.
A male performing breakdancing outside in front of a crowd.
A man in gray and black is playing a black acoustic guitar with a slightly shorter woman who is wearing pink and playing a violin.
A couple of students lay next to one another in a concrete park.
Three younger men dancing in front of a semi-circled crowd.
Three people dressed up playing music on a sidewalk.
A woman in a green shirt talks on a cellphone while walking past a man in a blue shirt who is sitting and reading a newspaper.
Two men are enjoying themselves in a skate park, one riding a bike while the other rides his skateboard.
A woman in a red and blue shirt is staring at a poster on the wall.
This is a professional diver.
A child in a green jacket and blue hat sits on a bench eating ice cream out of a cup.
A large crowd standing in front of a busy building.
A building with a large sign which reads, "Pain is Temporary, Quitting Lasts Forever".
A guy in a blue shirt is pulling something.
The dinosaur exhibt is next to a tree that has a balloon stuck in its branches.
Three people, all wearing dark clothing, stand talking at a street corner.
A little girl in a yellow t-shirt is tumbling towards the end of a yellow slide.
A green semi covered bridge exists in front of a house.
Two women are playing in the water on a beach near the shoreline.
Two men are carrying nets near a pier.
A soccer player is laying down injured being assisted by the referee and another player.
People are walking in the street while other people sit and have lunch.
A child in a denim jacket with "Love Kills Slowly" written on the back of it.
A biker with a baby in a small compartment with bikers in the background.
A man reading a book on the sidewalk with just his blue pajamas and headphones while sitting on a chair.
A blond woman holding something out in her hand while another woman and man walk past her.
Group of american camel riders on a dirt road smiling and having fun.
A busy city with cars and people with a giant skyscraper.
On a sunny day this tattooed man removed is clothing at a detail shop.
People in an eatery laughing and talking.
A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.
Young woman dressed in black looks over articles from a street vendor.
A boy with jean shorts and bright blue sneakers is riding a skateboard next to a tall fence.
Two cars being washed in a parking lot.
Bikers participate in a two way street ride, with lanes separated by yellow cones.
People are biking in a public walkways.
A man in heavy makeup and a bloody shirt is holding a water bottle.
A store is open at nighttime.
A man rides his bike past the Chung May Food Market.
A woman with a designer handbag is admiring the view.
A child wearing a red shirt is rolling a bowling ball down a lane.
A man is holding some paperwork regarding bank bail outs.
A man with brown pants is selling food from a mobile vending grill.
A man is wearing clown makeup.
A woman with a white purse walks across a gray platform in front of a tall building.
Women riding bikes on a city street.
A small girl is doing a handstand while smiling
Several runners compete in a road race.
A young person with decorative face paint similar to a tiger's markings is snarling.
A man in a blue shirt is carrying a bag over his right shoulder.
An older man in an orange ceremonial jacket holds a bunch of flowers.
A young girl jumping over orange cones.
Little girl wearing a yellow shirt jumping over a orange cone.
Man standing on soccer ball with knees while two women watch.
A guy in a black swimsuit getting out of the pool at a hotel.
Attractive woman in black with her cellphone.
A dad and a son enjoying a bike ride in a nice sunny day.
A woman and old ladies sitting on a bench
A beautiful street photo where people are walking by an old building.
A young female swimmer is receiving a consolatory hug from a coach.
A group of men in tuxedos are talking to people sitting on the sidewalk.
A man wearing a yellow hard hat is pulling on a rope.
An african man in a colorful hat is playing congo drums.
About six older women sit at a bench and talk.
A woman in a red coat is sitting in the grass with rabbits.
An older man with wild hair is checking out motorbikes.
A man in a white shirt talks to a group of seven children.
People are looking up at an airplane flying by
A young woman wearing a glittery black costume glides across the ice.
A man washing windows on a red brick building.
A lady with black hair and a burgundy and black suit is performing a dive.
A gymnast wearing a black and orange suit in midair.
A girl is in the air face up performing some sort of calisthenics or perhaps diving into a pool.
A man is talking on his cellphone in front of a fountain.
A man painting in front of a storefront, his paintings are displayed.
A young couple kissing by a bike rake.
A guy in a black shirt and tan pants leaning a little out of a large window looking at something.
A woman with a green bag is taking a picture.
A female motorcyclist with helmet in hand is standing by her bike.
A man in a green hat and striped shirt walking.
Man in a white shirt and dark pants leaning against a wall with two shop windows that have bright lights.
A volleyball player striking a volleyball.
A woman in a blue skirt pushing a stroller along a tree lined street.
A busy outdoor park in europe.
An older gentleman sits on a bench and smokes a cigar with his legs crossed.
People walking on a paved walkway near a sea port.
A bunch of women in a library with kids.
A woman is reading with a child.
A group of people looking at books in a library.
Two people are walking and looking at stuffed animals.
Several young people play a board game using a large blanket in a grassy field.
A blond woman wearing a tank top and different colored gloves.
One man sitting in an Exuma with 3 other men standing around a construction site.
A spherical shaped sea aquarium building.
People in business attire, walk down an alleyway.
A large number of elderly people are sitting on benches outdoors.
A woman outside on the city streets wearing a black shirt talking on the phone.
A woman eats popcorn from her popcorn stand.
Two men are riding on a motorcycle down a road.
A young lady is walking in the street.
A black woman with a scarf on her head stands on a sidewalk, smiling.
Two individuals with large ear plugs are sitting next to each other.
A woman is giving the camera a dirty look as she walks down the sidewalk.
A woman in a dress, holding a stuffed animal, purse and umbrella, standing in the rain.
Blond children sleep on an adults lap as they ride on a bus.
A building has a bee painted on the roof.
Two children are riding on the back of a three wheel scooter driven by a young lady in pink.
A girl is running on the grass.
Most of them are wearing mask to protect them from pollution.
Two repair men in hard hats work on a construction site.
Two people are swimming in a large pool surrounding by beach chairs.
A man in a blue t-shirt and a face-mask works with hooks.
An old person watches TV while squatting in front of a store display case.
A man playing drums on upside down jugs.
A man with a large white beard is pushing a cart full of trash bags and cardboard down a sidewalk.
A person surfing on the crest of a wave.
An Asian photographer checks his camera in front of a fashion store with pedestrians walking around him.
A man with a red shirt and jeans walking through a downtown area.
A boy in a red shirt with a red heart shaved into his bleached hair talks on a cellphone.
Two women laugh at a joke on a stop sign.
Woman in a black bathing suit, lounging on a bed, atop of a building, with a tall white umbrella within her view.
A bartender prepares many blended drinks.
A woman with a green purse sits at a bar with an empty glass in front of her.
Two old men sit on opposite ends of a park bench.
Two men playing with their black and white dogs on the beach.
A group of people stands along the beach.
Two women looking at donkeys on a beach.
Some children play in the grass outside near a tree.
2 men and a woman who is wearing red are holding a surfboard standing in the sand.
Sparks fly as a man welds steel.
A woman and man at a desk with stacks of cash or currency around them.
A group of men dressed in strange clothing talk about their day.
A person wearing gray converse shoes took a picture of the water barely touching their shoes.
A gentleman sitting alone at a table.
A man tries to take a picture of a woman and himself kissing while they are standing surrounded by flowers.
Two women pole dance in the middle of the street.
A man in black is sitting at a table taking a photo of an older woman on a patio.
A girl sits against a building near a fire hydrant.
Two men are laughing in front of a light.
Three friends hanging out around a photo booth.
Heavyset women in a blue and white dress walks down a city block.
A homeless man sits and stares
An older blond woman with sunglasses leaning on a bridge railing on a sunny day.
Two older women are walking in shallow water.
The man in the gray shirt is blocking the second person in the black shirt from view while looking into the washer.
A man operating some heavy machinery.
Man in yellow shirt looking into his blue laundry bag, next to a washer.
A person and a child riding a lawn mower down the road.
A woman with a yellow hat and multicolored dress examines a book on a patio.
Lady playing a game of hopscotch.
A young shirtless boy in front of a pool while a woman in religious wear stands behind him.
Man and Woman viewing a lottery ticket in China.
People are on a roller coaster in front of a body of water.
A soldier is talking in front of several people.
A lady in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is about to go surfing on a blue board in the ocean.
Some kids playing video games.
Three men are bathing in a canal without their shirts.
Children head down the street next to vehicle traffic.
A baby hanging in a baby jumper on a deck by a sea port.
Three guys hanging out outside of a fruit stand.
A man is cutting his hair in an open place.
Men are sitting on bags on the ground.
One man wearing glasses sits in front of an Apple computer and drinks from a cup while another man wearing a cap and glasses stands in front of a microphone.
A bearded man is taking photographs with a camera and long lens.
Two people are picking up their belongings in front of a Subway.
Three brown puppies running in the grass.
A man in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water.
This bike jump appears to put the skyline adjacent to the rider.
Two girls standing on the side of the road.
A woman is wearing blue shorts, a yellow blouse, and sunglasses.
A woman in a dress wearing sunglasses and a man wearing a blue shirt standing outside with a large crowd.
A person in pink water goggles is blowing bubbles underwater.
A young girl in glasses observes something in the distance.
A biker riding alone in a remote area jumping over objects.
A man in a black shirt and white shorts breakdances in front of onlookers.
A group of young people waiting to cross a street.
A man is breakdancing on a large mat while some people watch.
A man with a long beard is looking at the water.
A young man is taking pictures of two friends next to the ocean.
A boy gives the "thumbs up" while waterskiing on murky water.
Two Asian men with hard hats on a red scooter pass by two people kneeling down on the road with two baskets at their sides.
Two people are sitting on the side of the road in front of a carnival.
A woman wearing a black pencil skirt and white button-up shirt with flip-flops walks across the street.
A young woman is walking through seated spectators.
Three girls with long brown hair are sitting next to each other near a tree.
Two men in hats digging up rocks and dirt.
A lady is swimming with two young boys both wearing green water wings.
A woman stands in a pool with three young boys.
A woman standing at a crosswalk which has only the hand and the middle finger lit up.
A young man is listening to headphones on the side of the street.
A man with a briefcase walking in a area were art was painted on walls.
People gathered outside of a church on the stairs.
A woman dress in all pink and gold staring at something.
A man in the street is playing drums on old cans.
A woman in a white shirt and jean shorts standing with a beverage in her left hand.
A shirtless blond man spray paints graffiti on a wall.
Man in khaki pants bent over in front of a wall covered in graffiti.
Two women dressed in white are standing on the sidewalk under an umbrella.
Seven girls are standing in a line to play at the park
A busker performs on guitar among a crowded street.
People stand in the street outside of some tall cream colored buildings.
Two workers are working with a tool and attaching an item to stone.
A woman in blue top and tan paints painting a child hugging tree.
A man in all white sits outside with a feline friend.
A city street with fruit carts and a bus, and lots of people.
Cars and motorcyclists drive down a street lined with aged buildings.
A man walks down a street where the houses are painted in a geometric pattern.
A woman wearing a print robe is reading a book.
A young man with no shirt on is standing near a car with surfboards on it.
A young man checks his phone while leaning on a newspaper bin.
A woman standing against a building looking at her phone, with her leg propped up.
A man is sitting on a chain.
A group of boys walk through a plaza.
Three young girls walk down a sidewalk.
A young blond girl holds a beach ball in the middle of a grass field.
A man orders a hotdog from a street vendor.
The man leads his black and white dog across a blue obstacle.
Spectators are taking pictures of a bicycle race.
A woman in black pants crosses a busy sidewalk in front of a gentlemen's club.
A man is standing next to a large black lion statue.
The couples are dancing in the streets.
A little Asian girl is standing on the street, holding a red bag.
A little boy raking the leaves with a rake.
A girl in the park is taking a picture.
A man in a black t-shirt and black shorts vacuums in a bedroom.
A man in a blue jacket is talking into a microphone.
A man and a woman stop to take a picture in an outdoor setting.
A group of people lay in the park.
A man sits outside his hotdog booth next to a construction site while reading a book.
A couple of kids sitting on a bench playing with a red helmet.
Two motorcyclist ride down a street.
2 woman walking down the street next to graffiti
A woman is helping a girl draw a symbol in the stones.
A child standing in front of a giant mechanical elephant.
A young couple talking to an older woman on a busy platform.
Middle-aged man with long blond-hair and wearing glasses sits with a crowd.
The orange haired dog shook its head while standing on the beach.
People are moving out of their home.
Two women in shorts sitting on the steps of an apartment or house.
A woman in a striped shirt is being shown a necklace.
A woman wearing a blue t-shirt that says Nike and carrying a vegetable.
A man with no shirt sitting on a moped.
A woman with short brown hair, in jeans and a leopard top is taking a picture.
Four people are depicted inside a cathedral-like building.
A man in a green shirt trims the grass in a riding mower.
A worker in the liquor store.
There are pink artificial tulips in a eatery, with three people in the background.
A crowd of people sitting on a lawn clapping.
A man is standing in front of a white wall with a business advertisement on it.
Multiple people walking outside in the rain.
A large group of people are walking outside passing by a McDonalds.
Four older gentleman are outside sitting in chairs.
A man in a white shirt is accepting payment for food from two women.
An elderly man with a cane is out shopping.
Two people kiss on a very ornate balcony next to huge columns.
A dark-skinned man in front of a vibrant red, black and white background.
People are lined up facing each other with bottles of amber liquid, boxes and labels.
Scottish men in formal attire play the bagpipes.
A view down a city street from a park center.
Man in black shirt riding public transportation.
Women security officers standing in a group with sunglasses on.
A crowd of people gathers in a grassy area.
Two women are wearing sunglasses and eating food.
Three people walk in front of a very reflective building.
A group of people are completing a move with their heads slightly lowered and their arms bent and up.
A girl stands nearby while a boy sits in an open doorway.
An african american boy is standing in a caged area with his hand up to his face.
A blond-haired woman in an off-white coat is shooing birds off a table.
Women in a white shirt with a scarf walking while texting on her phone.
A bride on her wedding day wearing her orange belt.
A person walks down a hallway of stone archways.
A jazz cover band plays under hot strobe lights.
A band plays on stage with two people facing each other and singing, one person playing the drums, one on keyboard and one person on guitar.
A band plays a gig to a crowd.
Three men dressed in blue play guitar while a woman sings.
Street vendor in Europe sells to several elderly people.
A boy wearing red swim trunks is swinging from a rope into the water.
A man appears to be playing some sort of instrument.
Three males peering through a fence that is covered in rocks.
A colorful rickshaw with two patrons on the beach stopping at a coke kiosk.
A person dressed in black with a red backpack walking towards an outdoor market.
A woman in a blue jacket is walking along a road.
A small crowd of people gathered together watching activity occurring in front of them.
People are walking through an alley in Turkey.
A family is standing on a brick street talking to an artist holding a large sketch pad.
A girl is walking by a window with a purse.
A young model poses for her photo shoot under a dock.
A couple of tourist in a Chinese market looking at their camera.
Several motorcyclists are riding down the road on a sunny day.
A very busy street-side with many people interacting together near a chinese restaurant.
A man dressed in chef's clothing holding a large spoon over a huge cooking pot on the stove.
The man in the blue shirt is riding his bike down the street.
A couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kissing one another.
A bald man wearing glasses and a black shirt holing an instrument.
A woman with short hair is playing the violin.
A man frowns with his camera.
A military marching band of soldiers in formal uniform with red coats and fuzzy black hats march by, led by the saxophonist.
An asian woman holds her baby, who is wearing a flowered jacket.
A man is holding up the white shirt he is wearing exposing is abdomen while sitting on a red motorbike.
A person has two small children sitting in front of him on a motorcycle.
Several people congregate at an umbrella topped table just outside of a shop named DAHLAK.
Some people standing in amongst a large group of pinwheels.
A woman wearing a red dress is playing a string instrument.
A group of elderly men sitting on a bench indoors.
A man wearing a white shirt and khaki pants passes in front of a snack stand.
The woman is playing with a baby.
Two monks in orange robes speak outside of a house where a man in normal clothes is walking out.
An outdoor vendor with a table full of hats, dolls and jewelry.
Three men sit on a step next to each other.
People sitting on a set of bleachers.
A woman (Carol Thorn) in a red dress playing an electric cello on a stage.
Young boy in black shirt sits on mothers shoulders
A man riding a bike tries to cross a busy street.
An Asian woman standing in a crowded urban area listening to music.
A woman dressed in blue and wearing a tan hat is smiling.
View of the historic area of a European city.
A woman wearing a blue shirt, jeans and red converse sneakers takes a photograph.
People walking and a woman carrying bags.
Two men are sitting down at a table with drinks looking out at another man walking with a bag.
People dressed in green uniforms are picking up some metal.
A man in a black jacket standing next to a road that overlooks a body of water.
A man is using a camera in a stadium.
A young man taking pictures as other civilians walk past him.
Dozens of people are walking on a huge plaza in front of a massive staircase.
A young woman is sitting on a red bus looking out the window.
A woman with her child is waiting on a bench.
A man wearing a black jacket and hat is walking and holding a cigarette.
A white cat sits on a wall.
Man and women sitting on the steps in the evening with many pillars around them.
A brown cat is sitting on top of an old car.
A guy wearing a blue #5 jersey is hitting a yellow softball in a grassy field to some fielders.
Santa is in the line of dancers for the parade.
A man wearing a red hat, red jacket, and red sunglasses is listening to his music player.
A woman tweaking something on a bike hanging from a fence.
A man is sitting in a chair and playing the guitar.
A black woman sitting with an asian girl wearing fake tattoos.
An old man is sleeping in a chair outside an abandoned building.
2 wet boys in blue swimming suits
A woman is standing and looking out over the water while someone takes her picture
A man is skateboarding past a graffiti covered wall.
A group of dancers are performing with matching outfits.
A group a young dancers perform together in front of Radio City.
A woman get some food from under a blue tent.
People are standing on the sidewalk of a street.
A group of people riding a walking belt at the airport.
A man rides a bicycle past an orange wall outside.
A man in a blue jacket and white hat poses with an old fashioned camera.
A football player in green tackles a football player in white.
Two men with fishing rods are standing on a shore
A man is sitting in a chair in the street playing his guitar.
A group of people are talking to each other in a bar.
Several people standing around at a party.
A woman with sunglasses is working a control board.
Two children stand with a net by a shallow shore.
Guys and girls in a cramped place with drinks in hand.
A man sitting at a white plastic table in the shadows.
A person putting their hair up in a busy area of a city with several telephone booths in the background.
A young man wearing jeans balances on a train track.
A man in a blue shirt walks between rocks in shallow water near a scenic tropical beach.
Two men are shopping in a busy Asian marketplace.
A couple embraces against a graffited pillar while a man take a photo.
Two people wearing red hoodies ride their bikes down the street.
A woman and a man and a child standing in a street with umbrellas
A birds-eye view of people standing around holding their drinks.
A man and in a black vest dancing with a woman with black hair.
A man on a lift inspects the facade of a building.
A man sitting on a chair with his legs crossed looking off to the right.
A boy and girl are kissing by a lake.
The three men are playing with a frisbee.
A man with red shirt and black hat stares at another man.
A man on stage shows his cue card to his friend.
A crowd is sitting on a porch outside.
A man is seated near another man that is standing on the sidewalk.
A man is taking a photo in the photograph's direction.
A woman it talking on the phone behind a rack with the big blue plastic bottles.
A man fishing in water with great waves.
A woman with red shoes is standing in the middle of the street.
Five people standing on grass.
A man in a suit is sitting outdoors and is using his laptop computer.
A dog is carrying a yellow rope across rocks covered in seaweed.
A woman in blue wearing glasses holds up a blue and white striped shirt to a boy wearing yellow who also has glasses.
A couple is camping in the woods.
A black male athlete making a jump during a competition.
Girl sticks tongue out while hula hooping with two hoops
Young girl with short, dark hair wearing a pink shirt climbing stairs in front of bicycles.
Pedestrians walking on the sidewalk in an urban setting.
A man wearing a beret and tinted glasses stands in front of a microphone.
Two women in a crowd are smiling together.
A clown in a white shirt and tie playing a violin.
A smiling woman with a black smear across her face holds an umbrella.
Groups of tourists walk across bridge while looking at views of old buildings.
A man holding fresh fruits in front of a market.
A group of musicians playing some music in front of a building.
Some people walk on the street near a very large mural.
Two men in a village in India are playing stick ball.
A green car parked near a crowded space.
A brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom.
A dark-haired woman walking while holding her baby.
A man with a purple shirt, blue sneakers, and a black backpack riding a bicycle.
Four teens jump with balls on a basketball court.
Asian street scene with two women in foreground, red building with lion poster in the background.
A man stands in front of a vegetable display.
A small asian boy is walking down the street in tradition asian clothing looking back at a lady dressed in high heels and a beige skirt.
People are crossing the signal.
A man in a blue jacket with white pants stands outside of a red brick building near another man holding two yellow bags.
There is a group of young men huddled in a circle, seemingly singing.
Dozens of cyclists ride their bikes on a suspension bridge, with no cars visible.
A big group of bicyclist are riding around on a large bridge.
People walking around on a busy sidewalk at night.
Two shirtless men walking on a crowded beach.
Older man with a striped shirt is waiting for someone to buy his flowers.
People talking at a flea market.
We will take this photo together and put it in face book.
A young child in a wagon on a sunny day.
A man in a nun outfit has a cigarette in his mouth.
Man with cigarette in nun outfit.
Man sitting on a stool in front of a stall that sells football scarves.
A woman sits with her baskets of flowers.
A woman in a green apron is carving meat from an animal carcass.
A man in a wheelchair sits in front of a mural of a scared woman.
A young man is riding a horse through a group of people while he talks on his cellphone.
Workers in green shirts are waiting on several customers.
Group of people having a great fun on the streets of their city with balloons and flags.
A woman in a red dress walks down the street.
A man in a green shirt and gray pants walking on a street and passing by a store.
A woman is writing something down while waiting at a mass transit stop.
A man sitting near piles of produce peeling a vegetable.
A man uncovering a truck full of flower pots.
A group of Asian men and an Asian woman are relaxing in a butcher shop.
A group of people dancing at a restaurant.
Two white dogs are looking out into the street and are sitting next to a white bicycle.
Two dogs are playing on the grass.
Two girls are picking yellow flowers on a bright sunny day.
Workers cleaning up and rebuilding at a construction site.
A young man smiles and points at something off-camera, while standing in front of a display.
A man in a blue shirt walking down a mountain road with goats in his way.
A closeup of a very excited young boy.
A boy sits alone at the bottom of a stone stairway.
A child is lying on the floor drawing a picture of a girl, with two other children looking on.
A child playing on a swing set with construction workers in the background.
Some children are coming out to play in a courtyard.
A mural of a man and women on the side of a building.
Young boy in blue and young woman in turquoise stick their tongues out for the camera.
Two young boys standing on a dirt hillside in the daylight.
Two adults help pass out cake to children in a classroom.
A man walks on the beach while carrying his shoes.
A man on a cellphone walking past four signs that all say "NEVER SLEEP AGAIN"
Children are playing on a playground.
A young boy stands next to a large pile of dirt.
A girl in a pink shirt is climbing onto a wooden chair.
A group of people sitting outside of a house with a painting of a cowboy in a red shirt on the side.
A little girl in a red pull over holding a toy in both hands smiling.
An amorous couple with water in front of them, an old building with ornate pillars in the background.
A woman in a University of Nottingham sweater playing with a child.
A band is playing a show on the edge of the water at night with a vibrant dancing crowd.
People swim in the water near a long dock.
Many people are standing on large stones that lay across a river.
A line of people for a carnival ride.
A man in green with a beard and white hat is walking next to a large orange wall.
A busy outdoor kiosk to sell items.
A troop in mustard colored uniform marching behind a troop leader holding a sword.
A young lady is sitting in a floral setting with a sports drink in hand.
Young man in green shirt play xylophone for crowd in public area.
A Minneapolis police officer stands in front of a lingerie advertisement.
A woman in a blue dress is taking a picture of a statue.
A group of people walking down a city street.
On rainy streets a motorcycle with two helmeted people stops for a white car.
A little girl is squinting and looking into a lens.
A man in an orange turban is standing in front of a basket containing a pack of marlboro reds and other small objects.
Two men wearing hats walk by an old wall.
Lots of people sitting along a low wall in front of grass with buildings lining along the road.
A person is walking by the bridge.
A man washing the corner of a jacket in a public fountain.
A skateboarder doing a trick off a quarter pipe.
A brown-haired man with a scruffy beard and a green shirt using a camera
A man walking with a shopping cart wearing a t-shirt that reads "long live the dead".
A Chinese artist and scribe sets up his sign for display.
Asian man butchering a hog hanging from a hook.
A woman passes by with her child and her belongings in baskets on her back.
A man with crutches passes behind a white truck.
A woman in a white shirt is shown from behind in a cemetery.
Street musicians playing a accordion, violin and a guitar.
Pedestrians are yielding to a firetruck as it enters the intersection.
Two people in striped shirts sitting at a table.
A middle-aged man in a white hate, navy sweater, and khaki pants is putting a golf ball.
Two girls lounge in camp chairs around a campfire.
People walking down a busy street in a foreign country possibly.
Person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail.
A girl is climbing a rock wall.
An Asian women competing in the winter Olympics.
Three little kids having fun with water from a fire hydrant on the sidewalk.
A man and woman looking at vegetables.
A young man sitting in the dark wearing a white shirt with his hand turning his face up wearing earphones.
Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.
An African child with a wooden stool on his head, and another African child behind him
A man fishing sitting under an umbrella.
A man in an orange shirt and bathing suit rolls in a plastic ball through water.
A man and girl sit on a bench while eating ice cream cones.
Four girls are playing soccer while an adult looks over them.
A man is on a bike in front of Eddies sweet shop.
A man wearing all white and sunglasses hugs a woman from behind.
A man and a lady both wearing white shirts are looking off into the distance.
Two young boys wearing red life jackets sit next to one another on the deck of a boat.
An older man opening a present.
Four women are browsing a photo album.
A group of people of various ages at a conference talking.
Two women, one holding a plaque, one wearing a name badge, in a diner.
Many people on the street corner with brown buildings.
Two vendors with red and white umbrellas are outside in the middle of a lot of people.
People walk around at a carnival where large stuffed animals are on display.
People from infants to the elderly seem excited as one woman in a yellow shirt jumps off the ground in front of a sign saying "Bienvenue WELCOME".
A man is playing chess with a young boy.
A man and woman are pictured from behind sitting close together on a couch while they play Nintendo DS
A man in a blue shirt uses a spatula to stir food cooking on a grill.
A man in a white button up shirt and red tie talks to people in a restaurant.
Six people in an American Business Club meeting.
A spotted dog playing on a baseball field with another dog.
A dog is jumping across an obstacle.
A child in a red shirt is running around in water.
A woman is eating a sucker outside of a building.
Two people jogging together near the waterside.
Women crossing the street in front of a black car.
Two belly dancers dancing next to a brick wall.
A teenage girl in a pink tank top with two thumbs up.
A person with a blue shirt and pants sitting on a bench outside.
A worker dressed in a clean suit polishes a large mirror.
Two young, blond brothers have their arms spread, one behind the other amidst a field of grass.
A man on street, standing over some artwork, while several people pass by.
A man is sitting in a classic automobile while smiling and holding a plastic cup.
This is Thursday night at the local club, just wait till Friday night.
A shot of a building and sidewalk, people are visible in the distance
A baby wrapped in blankets is tucked into a metal wagon.
A man in a white shirt and blue jeans is talking on the phone near the street.
A woman walking on the sidewalk, in the city.
A shirtless man in blue jeans runs down a dock towards the camera.
A little girl in a red jacket is hugging a little boy.
A middle-aged man with dark hair who is cooking and wearing a red apron.
Two women stand near a group of bicycles.
Two white-skinned and one dark-skinned man are sitting side by side in jeans and black shirts.
Two young boys fetching water with a unicef pail.
Two young boys, one holding an unicef bag, the other an unicef bucket.
A man uses a dropper to conduct an experiment.
Smiling woman in a blue apron standing in front of a pile of bags and boxes.
A child rides the back of a wooden pull cart.
A young boy dressed in dirty clothes lays on a woven mat in shallow dirty water filled with garbage.
Lady looking at a window display of a big gog licking its lips.
A crowd in a daily routine in an Asian suburb.
A man sitting on a step.
The benches are in a long row with the silver round tables aligned neatly.
A group of three runners goes by in a race.
A person is riding a bike along a street in a desolate city setting.
A man and a woman are running in a marathon.
A line of people in red shirts are displaying numbered placards.
People going for a walk in a diverse city.
Two dogs run through the water near a beach, with land on the horizon.
People are walking in Times Square in New York City.
A man on a red bicycle that is dragging a wagon behind it.
Street view of the Orient Hotel.
The little girl looked in awe at the sight.
Asian man in white tank top eating by a large Asian political tapestry.
A man with a white shirt, brown shoes, and blue socks is reading near other people and piles of books.
Six people at some sort of a conference.
A country band on stage playing music in yellow and red light.
A boy is standing in a boat, holding up a fish to the camera and smiling.
A man walking away from an escalator while a woman is coming up the escalator.
A man enjoys a sandwich from Subway.
A red-haired woman sits on a bench in a striped skirt and brown shoes.
Four people standing outside of a convenience store.
Two women waiting on the sidewalk in front of a large advertisement banner.
A woman looking at her phone and holding her pomeranian.
A group of students are outside, waiting, in front of a yellow school bus.
A man in a blue jacket rides a bicycle on the sidewalk.
On a sunny day, a man sits on rocks smoking beside a body of water.
A woman is wearing a peacock costume.
One toddler takes away the mouth piece of the other which makes him cry.
The boardwalk is very brightly lit by restaurant signs at night.
Two shirtless little boys, one leaning on the other, standing on a large rock in front of some trees.
Two young girls pose for a picture beside the water.
A group of men perform on the sidewalk with their guitars'.
Woman in a long skirt and a man walk down the street.
A woman in a dress and cowboy boots is walking next to another woman in a black t-shirt.
People walking on a crowded street.
Three people of Asian descent standing in a semi circle talking while one girl texts.
A young man wearing a backpack is carrying a white, cardboard box.
A little kid in black playing in a fountain.
A bearded man balances a silver ball on one hand.
People wearing patterned t-shirts celebrating some festivals with colorful eye wear
A line of trucks going down a very crowded street.
A large crowd of people waits around in front of a large speaker set up.
A man with a black backpack kneels over a stack of posters.
A girl with blond-hair is connected to ribbons of many colors and is enjoying some sort of celebration.
Two people, sitting on a park bench, taking a nap.
A person in a cowboy hat rides a tan horse.
A bunch of seniors gathered in one area.
Two woman with long hair and ponytails jog along the roadside.
A young man walks casually down the street in front of some trees.
A person with black gloves and a white hat is standing and adjusting their scarf.
Two young girls walk down a walkway with an umbrella.
A man is sitting on a train listening to music.
A man in shorts and a orange shirt sits on the tailgate of a truck examining a phone.
A person in a purple dress, black hat, and pink scarf runs on a road.
Man gathers paper near a structure made of wood covered with paper and graffiti.
A group of people are walking in front of a large stone building.
A group of people gathered around a booth selling tap beer.
A bald man is looking out at a crowd of people.
A man in a helmet is hanging onto the side of a transit vehicle.
A group of young people stand in front of and touch a black, rusting metal structure.
Two men on a street, one holding a red flag.
A man with long wavy hair plays to violin.
A couple walks along a sidewalk.
Two people in blue shirts take a photo of themselves as a woman in a scarf pass them by.
A family of three people are watching men in costumes pass by.
A woman with a parasol is riding her pink bicycle down the street.
A motorcyclist rides past an Asian supermarket.
A police officer in Madrid, Spain stops to speak with an elderly woman.
A taxi in a downtown intersection.
A man on a BMX bike performs a trick on a jump.
Two blonds are passing out fliers and balloons on a busy walkway.
Phone booths occupied by a few people.
Several groups of people walk in a pretty park.
A girl wearing a purple dress and a girl wearing a red dress run around outside smiling.
A woman with sunglasses on sits under a red umbrella
A man is on a casual bike ride during the day into town.
A conductor gives a kid a tour of the train.
A man stands outside of a beautiful building wearing a neon green construction jacket.
Onlookers are mesmerized by a man juggling flaming rods while riding a unicycle.
A city street with a few passersby, featuring a cinder-block wall with graffiti on it.
An older gentlemen with dark pants and a white shirt walks through a park.
Two men sitting down outside and looking at a magazine picture of a woman in a bikini.
A man in a black shirt holds a baby.
A doctor and her patient smile brightly as an infant nurses at the patient's breast.
Man holding crying baby in chair near window.
A newborn is swaddled in a striped blanket while someone touches it with both their hands.
A middle-aged woman is holding a baby.
A lady either getting ready to go to or just got out of surgery and birth.
A person is laying in a hospital bed.
A man with a prosthetic leg sleeps in front of the steps of a warehouse.
A man is driving a white van sprayed painted with graffiti.
Two different groups of people converse in front of the Shakespeare and Company store.
A well lit advertising stand showcasing various movie posters.
An overhead view of a crowd of people walking along the side of a river.
A lady walks up the steps from a subway.
Young man sitting on fencing in front of beautiful flowers garden holding two young ladies on his knees.
A woman clutching a black plastic bag holds a digital camera overhead.
A man with a shopping bag and a woman are looking at a camera.
A man and a woman, both wearing sunglasses, look up into the sky.
A woman is holding a very large cellphone up to her ear.
A tourist takes a photo of something high.
A young girl is laughing and chasing pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby.
A french bike cab with no passengers, sitting by a crosswalk.
A mom and daughter walk up the steps as a woman wearing a headscarf wits near a trashcan.
A busy women in black and white color dress is crossing the road.
A little boy and a little girl playing in a fountain.
A man and two young boys are sitting on a rock.
Older woman in a light purple shirt, sitting in a chair, holding a baby.
A crowd of people walk through a busy street.
A topless woman cradles her newborn baby swaddled against her chest in the hospital.
The women is washing the newborn baby.
A small baby is given a bath in a plastic tub by an adult wearing rubber gloves.
A blond-haired mother is holding her newborn baby.
A group of people pass by a subway station.
A dog in a car.
A young girl and baby boy are swimming underwater in a pool.
Two men and a woman in a band playing a song.
One woman watches while another woman helps herself to a plate of food.
An Asian marketplace is open for business at night.
A lady in all white sits on a mat with a ball in her hand.
A woman is hugging a man.
A group of men, women and one child are walking in a group.
A man in a purple shirt and blue jeans playing the harmonica by a red bus.
An African-American man in a green shirt and tan jacket.
A man in a white shirt is reading a map.
A man looks at a map while a woman in sunglasses looks up.
A football team is seen making plays, blocking, catching and running.
A little girl in a red print sundress walked through an outdoor artist display.
Several asian pedestrians walk around a silver taxi van.
There are several people either sitting on benches or walking through what appears to be a brick road with trees coming up from various circular openings in the road.
A few groups of people are walking down stairs.
The streets of a Chinatown look alike are lit with bright colors.
Musicians are performing outdoors for money.
A man teaches young children about fixing bicycles in a park.
A woman walking down a suburban street.
The crowd watches the horse, staring at the cowboy as he leaves the arena, wondering what will happen next.
There are two brown dogs playing in field.
Jimi Hendrix is wearing a blue outfit while playing his guitar.
A guy playing an accordion with a hat on.
A man wearing a blue and black plaid overshirt sells organic fruit to a man in a gray polo shirt.
A priest with a bushy beard eating fast food.
A young child with a hat on playing with a bubble machine.
The man wearing all black is asleep on his red motorcycle.
A person is carrying their white canoe down a rocky trail while a black dog in a red collar watches.
A violinist playing music in the New York subway.
A man in a white shirt and long hair playing an electric violin.
A violist playing next to an advertising sign
A man playing a unique violin while looking up at the ceiling.
A man and woman showing a small child how to use a gun.
A man in a canoe sits on a placid lake surrounded by lush green foliage.
Two men walking their canoe through the woods.
Two large cocks are seen outside the el pub restaurant.com restaurant.
Two young adults outside, with many trees in the background.
A woman lays on a floating platform in the middle of a body of water.
A woman is walking dogs on a road located in the city.
A woman is standing in a booth, wearing and orange vest, proffering a credit card and smiling.
Luggage carts all lined up and ready to be moved.
Three adults standing in front of a sign that says "vote" and an American flag.
Two women are talking to a man in a cap.
A lady sits on the end of a pier high above the water.
A woman in a dress is talking on the phone.
A group of people standing near a boat on a body of water.
A man sitting on a bench next to his bike.
Two men are examining a bicycle tire while a woman in the background leans on a wall next to a pot of geraniums.
A man is showcasing various types of seafood on a stick, including starfish.
An elderly Asian man waits for someone to give him service at a food counter.
HO King produce store offering snow peas, broccoli, and napa.
A man sweeps the road in front of a wall with graffiti and two flats set against it.
People are sitting on a bus.
A mountain hiker is digging steaks into the thck snow.
Young women and men dressed in costumes sitting and standing.
A man dressed in all white clothing stands in front of a gray wall, his arms crossed.
Two men sitting on the edge of a pool of water.
People enjoying the cool water from the fountain in a hot day.
Two men taking pictures with their cameras outdoors.
A man in a hat and a boy in a hat sit outside the Louvre.
Two police officers on skates are standing near another man.
An old building with a long hallway and glass roof.
A man and children setting up a stand to sell jewelery.
A person wearing sunglasses and a bright orange shirt walks down a wet sidewalk.
A man stands in front of a well lit fruit stand.
A woman with blond-hair and black pants is practicing her karate moves in a scenic park.
A young woman takes pictures while a crowd lounges on a green lawn.
A woman is posing atop a scooter while a photographer prepares her camera.
Women are enjoying beverages at a restaurant outside.
A man in a hat is standing at a corner in front of a row of bikes.
Two beautiful girls are showing their splendid bodies.
A group of people sit on a wall above a large bas-relief sculpture and reflecting pond.
A man and woman walking down the street with shopping bag.
A woman in a tan top and jeans is sitting on a bench wearing headphones.
A man holding a lighted candle with his head leaning on a statue.
A man wearing a white shirt is talking to a woman wearing a green blouse on the street
A Man in black squatting with people walking across the streets.
A woman and child sitting on the sidewalk by a tree while a guy fools around in the background.
Girl in short black dress Blowing a gigantic bubble for a crowd outdoors.
Young male looks on as another male sitting on a fence wraps his legs around a female in a zebra styled tank top and skirt.
People are walking down a walkway surrounded by buildings.
Two men play a game of chess in the park while two others eagerly await their chance
Three women walking down a sidewalk near a bistro.
Two women stand by a large series of signs which say "Le Cafe Marley" in a hallway with a very high and ornate ceiling.
A man playing a guitar while a woman in a checks the oven.
Here is a picture of a woman smiling at the camera and is smoking cigarettes at a candlelight dinner.
A rod crew, of five, repairing a road.
A man is walking on the street as he begins to pass the glass window of a business.
Boy in a red shirt holding a camera.
This has to be one of the best restaurant's on the east side!
Gentleman standing on a sidewalk looking at a building.
A female traffic officer directing traffic in a busy city intersection.
Two young ladies walking down the street together.
A young boy is standing on a sports field holding a piece of sports equipment.
A girl is rollerskating down a street while talking on a cellphone.
A woman standing next to a photographer is handing a paper to a man wearing a green shirt.
Two people dressed in super hero costumes stand in city street.
Artwork of a young child and his dog overlook a quiet sidewalk and a man sleeping against the side of a building.
A Frisbee casts a shadow on the dog.
Women in colorful dresses dance down the street during a parade.
Two young women are walking and having a conversation.
A man and a woman dressed in black are roller-blading.
Elderly woman trying to block the sun with her hand.
A woman views a metal dinosaur sculpture through a blue telescope during a cloudy day.
A blurry photo of a couple on a bench watching other people play.
Two young boys are playing some instruments by the water.
A man wearing jeans gets a new tattoo.
A tattoo artist making a tattoo on a forearm.
A tattoo artist working on an individuals tattoo.
A man in a white shirt and khaki pants checks his cellphone in front of the entrance of a building.
A woman in a violet shirt stands facing a young man.
A man and a squinting woman are looking at something on a screen.
A man getting his stomach tattooed by a tattoo artist.
Young boy kicks a red and white soccer ball on a grassy field
A black street dancer performs for a crowd of people.
A beautiful women in a peach dress walk downs a brick street at night.
A guy wearing a white shirt is taking a picture.
A man and a woman stand on a boat while the man takes a photograph.
A tattoo artist doing a women's tattoo of a rose
A hispanic women in bright colors all dressed up for a parade.
Smiling brunette with a redhead dress participates in a parade.
Three men are standing while another man is next to them holding a newspaper.
A man sits writing at a table set up on a sidewalk.
A couple are trying to find the place they want to go.
An elderly man watches a younger man grill various foods.
A male with makeup on his face and neck that looks like blood and wounds.
People at a carnival taking part in a shooting contest.
A man in a light pink polo shirt holds a flag splayed out in the air behind him.
Someone in a blue jeans and a blue hoodie covering their face, fixing a bike.
A well dressed elderly woman standing in front of a bus decorated with images of purple flowers.
The bearded man in the hat held his camera in both hands waiting for the next shot.
A person is running on a wooded street with the sun in the background.
A group of random pedestrians looking at something out of the camera's range.
A group of people congregate outside while a man in a black shirt and glasses walks toward the camera.
A woman standing in front of a store called La Perla.
Sunglasses sitting on a table with a family on a pier in the background.
Some Caucasians appear to be preparing foods and drinks.
People are browsing through items in an open aired market.
We can see blood at the back of this man
Red Chinese lanterns and banners in Chinese overhang a busy street scene.
A naked man wrapped in a net lying on some rocks on the oceanside.
A group of Jewish people waving flags in order to celebrate their religion.
A man stands on the shore of a beach.
A woman standing in a room that is white with numbers in a circle around her.
A man wearing a white helmet in a crowd.
A man wearing sunglasses is seen on a sunny day next to a sculpture in a park.
A woman wearing jeans shorts poses for the photo.
Three men in white shirts are posing for a picture outside of a local store.
A cute little kid with a little green price sticker on his nose.
A woman in a black shirt creates art on the sidewalk.
A beautiful young woman is holding her purse.
Two women by the fence while a child runs towards them.
A red metal sculpture is surrounded by a large number of people.
A man wearing a gray ball cap walks next to a redheaded woman wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt.
A Toddler with a blue design shirt, and gray short waling with his family.
A toddler in an orange dress looks at graffiti of an African American baby.
Two sunbathing people are sitting on a bench in front of a bride and groom.
A woman with a crossbody black purse is walking near a stairway with silver railing.
Women in pink dress with white polka dots standing on stone base shoo-shes those in view.
A group of bushy haired people are walking down a rainy sidewalk.
A street with streetlights and a bus stop.
A street musician in blue, with a cigarette in his mouth and a huge guitar in his hands.
A man is happily frying Chinese food.
Women with fake blood and makeup all over her face, chest and neck.
The person in white T-shirt is walking.
An older man chops wood beside a large tree in a field.
Children woman and man in a park looking around a park
A man sits down for a rest on a crowded street.
A thoughtful woman walks down a metropolitan side street.
A woman is walking on the sidewalk with another person following behind her.
A man pulls on a rope in the country.
A man in a crowd appears in a city scene wearing a mostly black outfit with a graphic picture on his shirt.
Two girls wearing dresses are standing on a bricked sidewalk.
A woman dances in a colorful dress, engaged in a writhing dance taught to her by her elders.
A man pulls his food stand across the street.
There is an older woman with a bright yellow shirt standing on a sidewalk looking into a store.
Construction equipment and workers in a non-US city
Three Sailboats going down waterway of a tropical smooth water area.
Older fisherman is rowing a green boat standing up down a calm river.
A mother and child walking in the rain in a green area.
A woman walks past an old bagel shop.
A man in a uniform is crossing a street.
A woman running past a couple of people sitting down for lunch.
A young man hard at work, sweeping the floor.
Four people walk down a city sidewalk - three facing the camera one away.
An elderly woman is sitting at a restaurant table beneath a sign on the wall reading "Oh boy mom's pancakes!"
A busy day in the city streets.
Three people are trying to open a large door to a closed shop.
A group of pigeons walk on a sidewalk.
Many people and cars going past a coffee shop on the corner of the street.
Three people sits on the sidewalk of the road.
Two older men sitting on scooters in front of a Koffee Cafe.
A bronze-skinned woman walks a pedestrian path in a form fitting dress.
A young woman is walking down the street past a window that is covered in newspaper.
A man and two children looking at a camera.
A woman wearing glasses is sitting down at a table with glasses, a bottle, and a bird on it.
A man in a green shirt with a box cutter surrounded by vegetable plants.
A young man wearing a green shirt is tending to a tomato plant.
People sit and watch as a street performer is singing.
A crowd of people gathers around the Oxford Circus Station in London.
A crowd enjoying a concert.
A group of women all similarly dressed marching holding a large object on their right.
Small child with turquoise shorts standing near a large tree.
A little girl does a handstand on a trampoline
A Spanish guitar paler and a lady dancer performing on stage.
A middle-aged man wearing glasses and a middle-aged woman both look grumpy and upset.
An African American woman is picking tomatoes in a garden.
While the man waits for a train, he is reading a book.
Two people cooking on a sunny day for others.
A girl is playing with toys inside of a tub of water.
A woman in a red scarf walking through an entryway on a street.
An Asian schoolgirl in a typical schoolgirl uniform, dark pullover, plaid skirt, and knee socks with penny loafers.
A man is sitting on a square stone eating his lunch.
Man with a striped backpack roller-skating down a busy avenue with other roller-skaters.
A man in a yellow shirt is reading a book.
A man stands on a transportation platform with earphones and a handheld electronic device.
Four girls are sitting in a hot tub.
A lady wearing glasses playing the saxophone in front of a store.
A farmhand in training points over the barrier at a livestock auction.
A man selling ice cream out of a cart to a small child on the street.
A woman shopping for fruit at an outdoor market.
A man and child are together with a blue net in front of them.
A man in a doctors coat emerges from a building.
A group of three women and one man peer into a store window.
A man walks past a graffitied area.
Two women on the subway complete enthralled with their gadgets.
This is a good map for tourists.
A group of Oriental young people are standing outside the doorway to a store.
A policeman is riding his motorcycle down the street.
A busy pizza shop is located on a heavily trafficked street corner.
A male artist drawing with chalk on the street.
1 man standing and several people sitting down waiting on a subway train.
A man is cooking something on the stove.
A woman on a city street takes a photo while people walk by.
Several people stroll through a park with many trees.
This photo includes a statue of a man and a woman walking with a blue shirt walking behind it.
African american lady holing a basket on her head.
Two women are sitting and looking in the same direction.
A black sweater lady carrying a purple bag on the street.
A woman is walking down the street with headphones in her ears next to a man in a business suit.
A young boy sits outside and peddles for money while playing an accordion.
A couple walks under an arch in a narrow street with balconies.
Two people are walking across a path between buildings.
A man bicycles through a narrow road toward a square bordered by a castle with a block tower.
A woman putting jewelry in the window display.
A group of people are gathered outside around a statue.
Three people watch a fourth draw a chalk portrait on the street.
A man is standing inside a doorway that is in a wall painted with a mural of a woman.
A man with long hair leans against a chain while holding a picture.
A woman in an apron cleans a table that is surrounded by different colored chairs.
Two cars and three men are standing next to a loading dock.
Group of men and women sitting on boxes and buckets in a space with medium light and food.
A group of people light lanterns.
A blond girl having a conversation with her brunette friend at an outdoor concert venue in the rain.
A person stands under a city light pole on a sidewalk at night.
A man with a mustache and a guitar sings for tips on the street.
A young couple with child shops at a small sandwich and coffee shop.
A man in a white shirt and black pants standing at the side or the road.
The lady is taking pictures of statue.
Glass windows showcase a model of a man sitting and wearing black.
A man sitting down on concrete reading a book.
Two women with alcoholic drinks in their hands are conversing with one another.
Two men in sunglasses are walking down the street.
Older asian man looking out of a building with sunlight coming in.
Four children are playing at a swing set.
A young man in a striped shirt holds up a log in a park.
People outside in a field harvesting something.
A woman in a purple half shirt and a skirt walking down a street.
A tourist walks beneath the shade of a building.
A young man wearing a red t-shirt and black pants performs a front wheel stand on a bicycle.
A crowd of people standing outside a building.
A group of people walking outside a theme park in the middle of the day.
A woman wearing shorts and sandals crossing the street with yellow taxis in the background.
A young girl in a bathing suit, drinking from a green glass bottle
Two people on a white beach, one has a very long stick.
A boy in a blue tank top is playing the bass guitar with one foot in the air.
A woman and a man carrying a pink cooler.
A woman, holding a red parasol, takes a picture while looking over a wall.
Five people posing for a family style photo.
A man in a suit is shaking someone's hand while two other gentlemen watch.
A group of people in green shirts walking along a beautiful beach.
Brown, black and white dog standing on a sandy slope.
A man with a large mohawk and DIO shirt manipulates a cellphone.
A man in a cream shirt sitting at an outdoor restaurant with a black car behind him.
A bar with a man and a woman talking
Three hikers are standing near and on a wooden structure made partially of logs.
A man with glasses playing a silver guitar.
A woman wiping the brow of another woman, sitting down amongst a crowd of woman, drinking from a bottle.
A group of children are walking in the sand.
An asian woman in a crowded venue getting ready to snap a picture
Several women are performing a dance at a formal event.
A man with a hiking equipment is tying his shoe in the woods.
A man is doing his speech.
A green object with a light is suspended over a sidewalk where three people are walking.
A person is sitting on a rock ledge overlooking a body of water.
A man and woman couple walk past wall painted with figures of people and graffiti.
A chef cooks on a wok on an outdoor grill.
A man wearing a cap and glasses is fixing the seat of a bicycle.
A small red and white race car is competing during a race.
A smiling middle-aged man wearing over-sized red sunglasses and a colorful patterned shirt sits in the grass in front of a blue-green backdrop.
A teenage boy wearing a cap looks irritated
A red vintage automobile parks in front of the Karlova 25.
Old person walking down the sidewalk next to a white building.
There is a group of many adults around a fake pirate ship dressed up as pirates.
Two ladies show affection that will lead to a kiss.
A child in red pants holding a metal basket next to another child in a blue jacket.
An old man wearing glasses speaking in front of a podium.
Two young boys wearing shorts play outside while a police officer watches.
An older gentleman speaking at a podium.
A man in a black shirt running down a busy sidewalk
A boy and his father go walking in cowboy clothing.
One person is standing beside a tree with the sun shining through the leaves.
A black woman in a striped dress sitting on a blue bench.
A young boy in a cowboy hat and a blue jean jacket sitting in a stroller.
A man in black jacket and helmet at his hand poses with a smile.
A boy wearing a pink tie and another boy wearing a girl's dress, and lot of people in the background.
Two male students clean in a lab with the chairs upturned on the tables.
A group of four men washing and drying dishes in a commercial kitchen.
A man wearing a white t-shirt looking away from the camera.
An old woman wearing a white shirt and green shorts is standing on a sidewalk.
A group of people rowing on a lake.
Man looks out of his blue car and holds a rag out the window.
A man carrying a giant banana toy walks in street fair with toddler holding his hand.
An older woman wearing a hat and pink shirt enjoys a cigarette.
A woman wearing a Wonder Woman costume and a red jacket.
People are watching a man who is climbing on a rock face.
A man looks to buy bottles at a market.
Three people lined on the street shading themselves from the sun with umbrellas.
Two black men standing in front of a light pole.
A little girl and boy on the back of a bicycle waiting for dad to pedal.
A man in a sleeveless shirt resting by the sidewalk.
The six people are in a blue raft in the water and one person flew out of the raft.
A man is launched into the air from a raft.
A person in shorts with a tattooed calf holds the leash of a large white dog in a blue vest.
A man is dozing off above some green glasses.
A crowded city street with the focus on an older man playing the guitar.
A well dressed woman is shopping in front of a store.
A girl reads and listens to music on a bus.
A small boy and his father selling snow cones from their street cart.
A man in a blue shirt is sitting on a doorstep talking on his cellphone.
Several asians in front of store concepts.
A man standing on a stage playing a guitar and a harmonica waving to the crowd.
Green bicycle sitting outside on sidewalk on display.
This young girl is wearing a red and black checkered shirt.
Two woman and two man standing underneath a rain covert tent.
A child running through water outside at a park.
A man waiting in the subway area next to the bus, reading the paper.
A man wearing a hat, white shirt, pants, and shoes sleeps on a park bench.
Two young boys wander through a crowd wearing bright yellow shirts.
Two elderly women are sitting on a bench and conversing.
A man in a tank top looks at a woman near a water sculpture.
A male swimmer in a blue Speedo swimsuit adjusts his goggles.
A person holding a flat box is standing near two people sitting down.
A picture of pigeons taking off with a young girl in the distant background.
A man is singing and the girl is playing an instrument.
A blond woman in a tank top and shorts puts her foot in a fountain.
A man in a suit is smoking and talking on the phone.
Some people are sitting, some are standing on a sidewalk.
A blond woman poses with two people painted to look like statues.
A young lady reads a book while sitting outside at the base of a palm tree.
A blond child is hiding behind a wooden post.
A man talks on his phone next to white brick wall with blue paint spattered on parts.
A group of people in white uniforms building human ladder.
Three young girls standing outside near a fence smile at the camera.
A man wearing black sits outside under palm trees near green and blue chairs.
A plane flies low over a grassy area where a girl is sitting in a folding chair.
Man in white shirt standing in street with vendors and lots of people.
People passing the time in a city in a middle eastern country.
An older man is playing a violin on the street.
A group of people stand on the sidewalk in front of several storefronts, with a cart parked near them.
People are waiting for a train at the subway.
Man and lady walking up grassy lane of castle.
A young boy practicing hitting a baseball from a tee.
An airplane flying over a fence with a few bystanders watching it as it approaches its landing.
A man is pushing many cartons of bread down the street.
A guy in khakis and sandals is at a laundry mat.
Asian female wearing a backpack, smirking over her shoulder.
A group of people are gathered in a protest against the middle east violence.
A man standing in front of a glass door.
A man with a tan jacket is walking past a woman in a ponytail.
Little kid playing in water.
An aircraft is standing with a gothic building in the back.
A man fishing off of a small dock at sunset.
A person sitting in front of a laptop and many electrical parts.
A batter prepares for a swing during a game of cricket.
A woman carries a child, wearing green earphones, on her back
A woman with long hair sitting on a concrete bench.
A man and a woman are coming down an escalator.
A person is laying on a blue blanket on a street sidewalk.
People walking and a lady looking at her cellphone while walking in a big city shopping.
Two women next to a stage of people playing instruments
A man with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a Chevy van.
People are gathered on a street corner in summer clothing.
Two women in white dresses are posing on a blanket for photographs in the middle of a park.
A man in a black shirt sitting at a restaurant table texting.
A girl wearing pink walks by a mural of a girl with pink hair.
Boy playing in water coming off fountain.
Blond woman in blue outfit lounging on floor pillow at outside table alone.
Woman in heels and skirt looking at products.
A man in a leather jacket is sitting on a fence by the beach.
Two men in straw hats stand by a pile of hay on a busy street.
A man playing a violin is in front of another man playing the accordion.
A woman in a blue jacket walking outside.
A woman in a green jacket stands by a wall full of artwork, in front of a store displaying clothing and shoes.
Several groups of pedestrians on a city street during the day.
A man in a black hat is talking to a woman with an animal print shirt.
A man in a bowtie is working with wood.
A shop with two men outside, one man entering the shop, and motorcycles viewable on the right side of the frame.
A man on a bicycle leads a horse and rider in a rural area.
A man and a woman holding hands while walking.
People walk past Starbucks Coffee store with green awnings.
A man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront.
Older men concentrate while playing a game of Dominoes.
A woman is taking a break from sweeping up a broken pot to gaze out of the window.
A man in a scary potato sack mask.
Three parked taxis with two parked police cars behind them.
Man in a gray shirt and black pants standing in front of a storefront.
A man wearing orange overalls uses a roller to cover graffiti.
A man in an office is playing with a child
An old man wearing a blue shirt is standing against a wall.
A woman with a rolling luggage waits on a sidewalk.
A crowd of people together in one area.
Band on stage and people watching the screen.
A woman at an outdoor event holds a brochure in her hand.
Two women in dresses walking down the sidewalk.
Woman in Jacket with hood up walks alone down crowded street.
A man is wearing a red shirt and vest.
A woman with bright red lipstick, sunglasses and a red plaid shirt is looking towards the camera.
Man pulling a cart full of buckets, mops and brooms.
Two little boys with spoons stirring something in two metal pans.
A woman is waiting for a subway train.
A group of elderly people visiting a market stand near a rooster.
A man in a blue coat plays guitar beneath a tree.
A woman sings on stage as a man plays an instrument in unison with her vocals.
A man is standing over a cubicle with a chair covered by a sports jersey.
The man is in a yellow kayak in rough waters.
A kayaker traverses some churning rapids.
A man in blue jeans sitting in front of a store.
A little girl wearing a white blouse is standing by books.
A little girl with black pigtails riding a pink bicycle with training wheels.
A man in a gray t-shirt is sitting against a sidewalk tree.
A little boy in a green shirt is eating chocolate ice cream.
Three girls are riding on a roller coaster.
A man with glasses and a young girl smiling for the camera, the girl gives a peace sign.
Group wearing yellow and orange shirts riding mountain bikes.
Several people are washing themselves off using showers at the beach.
A young child wearing a yellow shirt is standing on the sidewalk.
A young man wearing a business suit, sitting on a bus with his head down.
A crowd of people looking at a bulletin board in Chinese.
A group of people in white shirts and red bandannas are congregated together.
A man in blue Speedos is holding black goggles.
Two women sitting in green chairs and a little boy in a red shirt throwing a sign.
A humvee is on display in the middle of a public square.
A group of young people sit at bar, socializing.
It appears they are setting up for the meet.
A quartet of young people, possibly Spanish or Portuguese, wearing red bandannas, while one conspicuously does not, stroll down a boulevard.
A group of people marching in a parade waving flags.
A woman with sneakers and a skirt is sweeping out a storage building.
A group of people sit before a campfire.
A girl in a white shirt, walking beside her bike.
A woman looking at her cellphone while a man watches her.
Young asian boy sits down and reads a book at a book fair as a female looks on.
Two people are standing and talking with each other.
Two women in skirts stand together behind a metal fence on a public street.
Two women in the middle of the street talking.
A young girl in camouflage face paint is holding a pink sign.
A man in khaki pants and a woman in a skirt cross a street.
An older woman gets cash from her wallet at a another woman's stand on the street.
A crowd of people is looking at something outside of a Gap store.
A young child smiling and looking outside of his window.
2 kids on a boat looking off, blue floor.
A man and woman being intimate in a large empty room.
Men strolling a brick-paved, brightly lit, business district.
Two brown dog play together in the water.
A man is buying his vegetables in the market.
A female employee of a fish market weighs an item on the scale.
Men walk down a street playing the drums.
Three people are standing on a mat and one has a harness on.
A man on stage in front of a flag speaking into a microphone to a crowd.
Four people stand next to some bikes while one of them points.
A man stares out across a rail yard.
Men and women at tables having drinks on the aft deck of a boat moored in a marina.
People race to catch the metro at dusk.
A woman and 2 small children play in sprinklers from the ground.
A man is pushing his blue painted snack cart through the street.
A woman in a green top and orange shorts is walking on the street.
A man and woman sitting, with a man standing to the left.
A man peers from behind the protective cage of a piece of heavy machinery while wearing protective headphones on his head.
Man sitting in yellow car in the sun, wiping forehead.
Two police officer looking men on a motorcycle, with a white ice chest on it as well, wearing hats
A woman in a tan jacket walks down a busy sidewalk.
A young lady in a light blue outfit walking along a beautifully designed sidewalk.
Two women are walking down a sidewalk.
A man in a red tee-shirt steers his bicycle-like vehicle on a street in Santo Domingo.
A guy in an office is fixing the coffee maker.
A person is listening to music over their headphones while walking down a deserted street.
Three ladies lay on a beach facing the ocean.
A man in a straw hat wearing a backpack is riding on a motorized skateboard.
A group of street drummers play while some onlookers dance.
The woman who is wearing a bowtie is walking down the streets of New York.
A little girl in a dress sits on the steps to have a snack.
A man in a colorful shirt dressed as a clown.
A person on a bicycle pulls a cart full of sticks.
Four small kids dress in black and red wedding attire play on the floor.
A man and a woman are sitting down.
Two men and a woman sit at a table, the woman holds up her hands in the peace symbol.
A man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart.
Young kids showing a game they play in their country.
The three people are talking to each other
Four young Asian women stand outside by an empty cardboard box, using straws to sip drinks from yellow cups.
A man and a woman standing beside each other shaking hands.
A boy pointing at the number one and gesturing the number one with his finger.
Man with backpack hanging a sign on a pole in a lobby.
Two men sitting on a bench where one has his head in his lap and a large yellow bag next to him.
A woman taping a paper notice to a board.
A man and a laughing woman sit at a blue table with a Styrofoam box on it.
A bald man with a beard plays the accordion in front of green doors
A Boston Celtics fan having lunch before the game between Boston and Lakers.
A shirtless man with dreads, playing with batons.
Some bike riders riding on a path through a city.
Three people lounging on benches and watching people at the park.
A man wearing a striped shirt smiles and points as he holds a bunch of necklaces.
Two girls are standing behind another girl.
A group of kids sitting at a table one is holding a white piece of paper.
Children playing in a jump house with a SpongeBob theme.
Many students waiting for transportation in the waiting area are taking pictures of each other before they return home.
People in yellow shirts are attending a concert.
Two woman, both of which are wearing black shirts, are eating.
Some Asians gather for an event in a gymnasium.
Two females and a male are sitting at a table eating.
Sitting guy handling a stapler while another guy looks on.
A young girls with a short red dress makes a phone call while holding a bright blue bag.
A man wearing a white shirt is pushing a bicycle down the sidewalk.
A crowd of people protesting with a man in the foreground.
Two older men waiting to cross the street.
A crowd of people in white and red clothing march through a red doorway set into a white alleyway, two men with cups looking on to the right.
Couple holding hands walking on sidewalk in front of house.
A man in a suit is holding an American flag next to a white screen with a logo on it.
A woman in all black walking past a department store window.
A woman in a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street.
A woman in a blue dress is walking on a sidewalk.
An old man, behind him on glass is many political advertisements.
A group of boys playing soccer.
A man driving a carriage and two horses is walking along the street
A young man carries flags outside a building
Three men are sitting on a stone ledge, and one has a cigarette in his mouth.
Man in black suite speaking a podium.
The man with the bicycle is waiting for the car to pass so he can cross the street.
When struggling to work on scaffolding in humid weather.
A man in a white shirt plays the cello next to a woman in black playing a harp.
A crowd of people waiting along the side of a building.
A woman in a green shirt and black helmet struggles with a man in jeans and a light blue shirt.
Three people are sitting at a table together.
A gentleman with a red shirt, glasses and graying hair is standing in a room full of seated people.
A stocky lady in a yellow shirt holding up a sign in Spanish.
A man is selling fresh fruit at the market.
A girl in jeans sitting on rock getting her picture taken.
Two people are sitting around a tree and one man is posing by the tree.
Person standing on sidewalk next to pile of garbage.
Two uniformed men talk while standing on a road.
A man and children are pulling bags behind them near a large globe.
A family with young children with suitcases walk down a paved area.
A man facing away from the camera sitting on an aqua colored stool.
A man in a checkered shirt and white sandals is asleep while reading the paper.
Two men sitting together with a calendar on the wall behind them.
A woman in a skirt is talking on the phone outside a restaurant.
Man with back to camera looking out over a forest.
A woman in a bathing suit and shorts walking down the street in a black hat and sunglasses.
A hooker on a street corner.
A group of people consisting of 6 people are waiting somewhere while 4 of them are talking to each other.
A man and a woman dressed in green stand besides a pillar.
A young girl is playing next to a fire hydrant that is spraying water.
A man in a hat and an orange jacket stands beside a plastic wrapped female mannequin.
A man is sitting in the passenger seat of a red three-wheeled rickshaw.
Three happy little girls posing for a photograph.
A gray-haired lady is standing next to a vegetable display at the market.
Dog sleeps outside on the cemented street in asian country.
Two women with umbrellas walk between two cars as they cross the street.
A black man in a tank top rests.
A woman with a redhead covering is standing with a man wear a shirt with stripes on it.
A lady wearing a green t-shirt is leaning against a white column.
A woman lying in a grassy field taking a photo with her camera.
A guy playing a guitar on a stage smiling.
Two women wearing matching skirts with Union Jacks printed on them walk through a fair.
This is one of those places that you may see just about anything.
Two men with glasses and large mustaches with British flags in the background.
A couple gazing out into the ocean from a bridge.
A man selling religious paraphernalia stands in front of a mosque.
A person in a red coat plays an electric guitar.
A band plays music on stage under blue-green lights and with a red background, a white-shirted DJ standing in the middle of the stage.
Two guys walking on road.
A black woman with an afro and glasses walking down a street in chinatown, talking on the phone and wearing a multicolored scarf.
Man walking with tall buildings with reflections behind him.
A woman in a hat walks away from a small ice cream vendor car.
A guitarist with long hair playing the guitar at a concert
A daughter helps her mother in the kitchen in this family photo-op.
A group of people are sitting next to a concession stand.
A group of people wearing white clothing and red sashes walk down a street.
Young man with long dark hair plays a guitar on stage.
A girl in a red jacket playing a guitar at a fair or circus.
People inside and outside of booths at an event.
Wall art and murals featured on the side of the East Side Hotel proclaim they love Berlin.
A girl is walking by a parking garage.
Many adults and children eat a meal in a public area.
An author signing his book for a fan.
A couple sit in each others embrace as they gaze out at the river.
Musicians play on stage at Coney Island, NY.
Woman sitting on the bleachers in a cowboy hat watching some sort ranching competition.
Several people are waiting for something to arrive.
A man wearing white is talking to a man wearing black while standing on a platform.
A boy is wearing a black t-shirt.
A young person in black pants and a brown fedora uses their mobile device on a city sidewalk.
Two Asian men wearing black are sitting outside and talking.
A child and a parent or older sibling going for a hike.
Two boys are riding their bikes on the street.
Customers view items in a small store called "Jump Shop".
A woman laying in a field.
A person is riding a bicycle in a city past a shop called "Kenji".
Asian people walking down the street of a market with their purchases.
Giant clear bears sit in the street in new york city.
A woman in a brown dress is interviewing two men.
A group of people wait at the bottom of the stairs that two men in suits are walking down.
A group of people are gathered in a city street.
Middle-aged woman wearing a white blouse, sitting at a table outside a restaurant.
A male singer wearing sunglasses singing to a microphone
Two women wearing healthcare uniforms are on a sidewalk and the one with yellow shoes is jumping in the air.
A long-haired guy playing the drums.
A man in red, white, and blue shorts focuses on something below.
A gaggle of youths sitting atop a cement structure.
A group of people sitting around outside near walls that are painted.
A happy women and a young adult getting their picture taken.
A man wearing glasses is speaking or singing into a microphone.
A woman in a blue shirt and black pants is fixing her white sock.
People crossing the street and a man on the sidewalk.
People crossing a street next to a smart car.
A man posing with his arms out while folded clothing and boxes lie on the ground.
A man with a backpack stands along a tree lined street.
A tired man is sleeping on his motorcycle on the side of the road.
Two women with Tye dyed bras, multicolored necklaces, and short denim shorts.
An artist is selling his paintings in front of a large tree in a park
A man smiling for the camera standing in a parking lot.
The men standing on the edge of a torn down building.
Three females are jumping while reaching up into the air.
Three people are standing on a concrete wall next to the ocean.
A man is rowing a boat through a river in a city.
A female singer and dancer is on stage at a jazz festival wearing a white dress with floral prints.
Woman in dark jacket sitting on a bench.
A man wearing a colorful and striped sweater plays music in the street.
A group of older men convening in the wilderness
People are standing on a crowded street with suitcases.
Children and a woman play in a fountain.
A woman in a pool with a young girl throws a football.
Three young children play in a fountain.
A mom and her two kids read a book outside a building with workers wearing orange.
A boy standing in water is holding a yellow football.
Several people are standing around in a wooded area, with an recreational vehicle in clear view, two older men and two children can be seen, including a young, smiling girl.
A nice young lady on a stage dancing and look very beautiful.
A family camping with an RV and sitting around a table.
A group of students looking over a balcony on a senior trip.
A pigeon flies towards a woman who is surrounded by a flock of pigeons.
A woman is blowing bubbles while in the middle of a crowd.
Several people stand on a bike rack to look at something over bleachers.
A couple is photographed in front of a large outdoor fountain.
A man is walking by a building on a sunny day.
A family relaxes with cold water outside their camper.
A little girl in a pink shirt sitting in a stadium bench.
Woman in long skirt walking across street.
A person with dark hair wearing a white tank top, red pants and white shoes is walking down a sidewalk with artwork displayed against a wall.
An elderly man is drinking orange juice at a cafe.
A group of people eat a meal in a crowded outdoor location.
Woman walks with red grocery bags down the cobble street.
A young man wearing jeans is walking down a sidewalk with a stack of papers on his head.
A woman with facial piercings and red-hair.
A man standing next to a car holds up his hands.
A man at a food cart is serving corn.
Five children are on a slide, all dressed in different colored clothes.
Man in blue shirt crossing street with odd objects in his hands.
A woman wearing a green Aeropostale shirt and a green bracelet is walking down the street with her head down.
A dark-haired drummer is playing his set with enthusiasm.
A woman in a tan dress is tending to her wares in the market.
An older man wearing a white shirt sits on a sidewalk.
A woman with dark hair is sitting on stone steps and looking forward.
A woman is a blue top is walking amidst a crowd.
An Indian man in a hat is sitting and smiling.
A man wearing a gladiator costume standing a busy street.
Three boys are in the park watching kids play.
Two men stand in front of a shabby vegetable stand.
A large busted woman in a yellow shirt has a pink shoulder bag on her shoulder.
A man walking across a patch of grass in the middle of a street.
A band of older men on stage smiling and clapping their hands.
A woman is walking by a group of three men.
Two dancers are giving a performance at public function.
Many men sit and share a meal together.
As the blue sky is dappled with white, fluffy clouds, two people are standing together near a seating area with green umbrellas.
Man standing against blue wall with shirt on head
A man is playing a Saxophone while people on the street listen to the music.
A man in a black shirt stands in front of an emergency vehicle.
An elderly man wearing a sombrero riding a mobility scooter while shopping for shoes.
A teenager in a blue shirt is skateboarding past a Blockbuster video.
A man is walking down the sidewalk in front of the colorful building.
Four Asians sitting on a bench in a building.
A woman wearing a black dress leaning against a building smoking a cigarette.
A woman wearing sandals is pushing a cart with vegetables.
A man in a red shirt and a lady in a green shirt on a silver moped.
A dark stage set is under construction.
A group of people is walking down a city street outside of buildings.
Boy tugs hotdog cart with man pushes cart from behind.
A woman wearing a skirt is reading a book on a stone bench.
Two young Asians in shorts waiting by a curb.
A woman in red sips a drink as she looks at the people below her.
A group of people are looking through a microscope.
A man wearing orange robes and sandals walks past a pale orange wall.
A happy woman picks through bright green and white flowers.
A long-haired man in a white t-shirt and jeans plays a keyboard standing
A man holding tongs at a barbecue.
A child sits with its head on its arm in a room.
An individual dressed in a yellow shirt and camouflage pants is walking down the sidewalk.
A woman in a white shirt and gray skirt if standing under a white umbrella.
A man wearing glasses plays a guitar behind a music stand.
A woman sits down to play a casino video game.
A man with a blue bull mask in a crowd of people.
A group of people in life jackets standing on a large boulder in the mountains.
People wearing life vests sitting in a boat paddling.
A man in a bright green shirt and brimmed hat sits with three other men on a concrete rise.
Two people walking with a dog and using umbrellas.
A man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder.
An old man is smoking by sitting in the steps.
A baby and three cats are resting on a bed.
A group of young people are boating and wearing life jackets.
A child swims in a stream, whilst other children wait to jump off a rock.
Some people are paddling in an air filled raft.
Groups of people are riding down a river in rafts.
Man standing in the rain carrying an umbrella.
A woman in a red coat is leaving a photo shop.
A man admiring the scenery in an unfamiliar location.
These two workers are working on putting up some kind of metal building.
Kids are playing in fountains in a city.
A woman with a knit cap, dark jacket and brown horizontally striped shirt smiles as she ice skates with two women close behind her.
A blue road sign is partially concealed by a nearby foliage.
A woman with black hair and wearing all black is sitting on a rock looking into the distance.
A person in sandals is hidden by large soccer balls.
A woman holds her child out of a red window, next to a Color TV sign.
Three women are walking on a street.
A dirt biker rides up a rocky hill on a motorized dirt bike.
Man tests telescope while little boy looks on, as they stand in a memorial park.
Firetrucks surrounding a burning building at night and spraying water from various directions.
A bicyclist in a bike lane.
A group of boys in green and blue outfits swing green and blue flags in the air to an on-looking crowd.
Fat man and dog are sitting in front of a statue.
A girl stands on a gravel road as the sun sets.
A building has multiple balconies with various plants growing on its fence.
A man is using spray paint on a wall mural.
One man wearing a red shirt is kissing another man.
Seated black man in business suit gestures with hands while white man listens.
Group of people walk through a mall or train station.
A woman with wavy short red-hair and glasses wearing a tan sleeveless shirt is walking down a street.
A man in a white shirt and tie walking across the street.
A short-haired man in a white shirt and khaki pants walks forward past a black car, holding a white notebook.
A young man with a backpack and blue sunglasses is crossing the street.
A sidewalk scene with a girl in white shirt biting her thumb.
A woman in a white dress is riding a bicycle.
A man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans is walking a dog.
Two men in jeans are walking near a large stone wall.
Two men protesting with signs outside of a Convention center that has a sign that says "eXXXotica Miami Beach".
Lady in white dress with tattooed leg looks at friend's camera.
People looking at the beach and a woman in a wine top taking a picture.
A man is reading a newspaper.
A man in a wheelchair is being pushed towards a monk.
People walk down a brick road lined with cars.
A man in overalls and gloves is laying underneath a truck.
Two men are looking across the water in a small boat.
A woman wearing bright colored clothing walks past a jeep cherokee that's behind a fence.
A fan at a soccer game is wearing a curly red wig.
Two Muslim men wearing head wraps walking in a city.
A barefoot woman reads a book along the water.
A man in a t-shirt holds an infant, who is reaching for his face.
A child and woman on the street in traditional garb.
A girl in a blue dress standing next to a wooden post on sidewalk.
Two women, one in traditional Mexican clothing, help a child across the street, as a man looks on.
Two young boys in uniforms eating rice with their hands while sitting on the ground.
A young adult is throwing a softball to home base.
Four women standing with backs toward viewer, either with bikini tops or tank tops on.
A large crane demolishes a structure while a person standing nearby on an elevated platform squirts water from a hose.
Men on a bike transporting various sizes of metal buckets.
Two people are in the ocean.
A man walking across the street on the road that says "keep clear".
Three people are staring at a small painting.
Children at maybe, at their School, or maybe, a Field trip.
People walking along the street with umbrellas.
A man stands on the back of a trash truck.
A crowded street with pedestrians being directed by police and barriers.
Two women in white tops stand near a man and a woman with luggage on the sidewalk.
A crowd waves red and yellow flags.
A man in a hat turning and smiling towards the camera.
Women sitting at a table with a small fire.
People are gathered at some kind of shop on the side of the street.
A man on a scooter and a red shirt is looking back.
An elderly man, holding a package is standing in front of a sign that has a girl with headphones.
A small child wearing pink stands in a doorway.
A man is shoveling snow while wearing shorts and a pink shirt.
A main shorts digs in the snow on a sunny afternoon.
People gather around in a street while a man in a hat sits in a chair.
A soldier is teaching kids how to handle a gun.
A teenage girl wearing a t-shirt and bathing suit bottom jumps into a body of water.
A man in a green tank top holding his stomach.
A man is walking in front of a pink hotel holding a yellow bag.
Lady walking through rows of children.
Blond woman in a black skirt business outfit interacting with a customer service woman.
Two men are at work in construction.
Men in white garments carry an object on their shoulders.
A baby girl is asleep on someone's shoulder.
Woman in long blue dress leaning over near white bucket on the side of a street.
People are standing around watching for something.
A middle-aged haggard looking redhead in a white shirt and silver necklace, is listening on a yellow phone.
A group of people are standing behind a fence, many are taking photographs.
A man in a black vest is whispering in the ear of a smiling girl.
A driver is staring out her car window at a cat in the street.
A group of people on a dock with a boat on the other side of the dock.
A formally attired couple find an informal moment in the fountain.
An upset girl sits on a log, head in hands, in front of a bicycle lodged in a tree.
Injured lady sitting and resting her leg on a walker
A man and a woman greeting each other on bikes in front of a building.
Two women sit on a bench next to a bronze statue.
A young man in a black shirt and jeans and carrying a case for a musical instrument is crossing a street.
A young boy enjoys the cool water.
A Latino man leans on one of the coolers in his food stand.
A older man walking down the street.
A man in a blue tank top doing pastel artwork on the sidewalk.
A man in medieval armor rides atop a horse.
A man in a helmet does a jump on his bike.
An old man is sitting on the sidewalk playing his acoustic guitar.
Two dogs are running side by side in the field.
A small boy runs in a large field of grass.
A boy in a white shirt does a trick on his skateboard at a skate park.
Two women in soccer uniforms playing soccer.
A man stands on the side of a street in a doorway.
A young guy playing for an audience.
A boy in yellow is riding a scooter on the street.
A smiling construction worker kneeling down.
A male in a green striped tank top skateboarding.
Men are standing around a small train outside.
Two men are looking at a floor that is being repaired.
An older man is standing alone on a sidewalk at night.
A man and woman are standing on top of a structure.
Many dark-haired people gathered for something.
A woman orders ice cream from a man in white.
A mustachioed man plays the accordion on the street.
A woman wearing a scarf and gloves and with her face painted walks past.
Woman wearing white with a baby in her lap.
Three men travel through water on a motorized inflatable raft.
A man leans against a pillar while reading a book
A man is running down a sand covered mountain.
Two toddlers and a younger man enjoy their bottles.
An action shot of a drummer in a plaid shirt going to town on a drum kit in front of a hedge.
A woman sleeping on a bench in a swimsuit.
College aged students playing in a puddle of water, most dressed in red.
A woman with purple hair is beside a man.
A man is standing behind a black gate.
A boy holding a sponge and washing dishes.
A woman stands in a crowd wearing a green shirt, pink backpack, and a mexican flag attached to the bag.
Woman walking up the stairs in a art gallery.
A man in a red hat carries a black overnight bag, while another in a cowboy hat follows him.
A woman picking through her child's hair.
A group of kids stand outside on a street.
A girl in a black shirt is watching a chemical reaction.
A black man is standing with one leg on a short wall talking on his cellphone.
A woman in boots stands under her umbrella talking on the phone.
A white man is seen in a swimming pool floating above many floating devises.
A man is standing on top of a bridge working.
A boy and girl play in a city fountain.
Two kids with black hair eating with chopsticks.
An older woman in a kimono is listening to something with headphones.
A woman stands in front of a building.
A man and woman in a parlor walking into a hallway.
A few people wandering around an old crumbling part of a city.
A man and woman sitting outside a shop next to an empty road.
A lady being arrested by a lady cop.
A man and a woman in a shawl sit down in front of a body of water.
A man with a beard in a white robe about to eat something.
Asian man in blue Asian robe dancing in front of Asian musicians in blue.
Two men are conversing together dressed in traditional clothing.
A man in a white shirt and dark pants is walking down a street.
A man takes a picture of a bird in the water.
A man in a purple shirt and a black hat is taking a picture with a yellow digital camera
The man with the red tie is making faces.
Man with star tattoo wearing black t-shirt and shorts admiring art displayed outside.
People are acting like a zombies.
A bicycle cop or security guard is riding in front of an Outback Steakhouse.
A man is walking with a cane.
A woman in shorts and knee-high socks is walking down the sidewalk.
Asian woman in purple stands there in a foreign place.
The person with the red long-sleeved shirt is climbing a rock in the snow.
Young woman wearing striped shirt rock climbing.
An aged woman cradles her hand-rolled cigarette as she smokes.
A woman wearing a multicolored sundress is walking with a man wearing a black t-shirt and wearing shades.
A woman with a red-hair tie and black polka-dot top holding a bottle of water.
A lady is wearing a pink cowboy hat.
A woman in a short red dress and costume wings is walking in a public fountain.
People are walking in a city street.
Five individuals in pretending to be zombies and one infant.
People dressed as zombies are parading.
Two men covered in red paint or blood on a busy sidewalk.
A woman and an older man participate on a ride together.
Old world stone houses and streets look lovely in the background, and faint person can be seen walking.
A man with a mask and various pieces of clothing.
A group of people gathering in front of a clothing store.
People brace themselves on a carnival ride.
Local Muslims celebrate the opening of a new restaurant sponsored by Channel 1 news.
An asian man moving carts on the sidewalk to their destination.
A British royal guard on patrol outside a stone building.
The two people are coming out of grill shop.
An unidentified curved street with three people walking away from the camera.
Two people walk down a mountain path.
A young man is looking around a corner while holding his phone in his hands.
Woman in white shirt looks at couches in front of a graffiti covered building.
One girl is eating a green apple outside while another looks into the distance.
A newborn baby is helped by doctors.
A Japanese couple walks past a woman wearing a scarf on her head while walking down the street.
Man crammed into a phone booth wearing a pink shirt.
Two children play in water falling from a mosaic covered spout.
A baby in a purple and yellow bouncer is crying.
A man with a camera is engaging another man in conversation on a street.
A man walking down a deserted street, shown from the ground.
A street spray paint artist is creating new work while showing his art.
A blond girl in a purple shirt and plaid shorts playing with a string toy.
A man leans against a statue in front of a building.
A fisherman takes some quiet time waiting for a catch.
A black and white dog is playing with a golf ball in the sand.
A hiker in a green shirt is looking in to a valley from a steep cliff.
Three women standing in the water beside a beach.
A man walking while holding roses.
A woman sits on a bench underneath a sphinx sculpture.
Two young ladies sit in a living room with mauve chairs and eat snacks.
A woman walks by a wall that has a road, flowers, skunk and a snake painted onto it.
A happy little girl rides on the merry-go-round.
A man with two children wearing life vests are in a swimming pool.
A group of people going on a carriage ride through a park.
A woman in a black dress plays a ukulele and sings while a hat wearing man accompanies her with a pair of maracas and a drum in the background.
A black man wearing a white, collared button-down is sewing.
A group of blond-haired white boys looking lost as they walk down the street.
A little boy is watching fireworks outside at night.
Two women in long dresses and head coverings are buying from a merchant.
People are standing outside of a small shopping store.
A large group of Asian people posing for a picture with a storm trooper
A woman is wearing sunglasses and smiling.
Two women both wearing white shirts and black pants, one smoking sitting on a fixture on the sidewalk.
Three women wearing sleeveless shirts are busy working on something.
Bearded man sitting on a bench next to a boat.
A man paints a large mural on the ground.
A young Asian boy is waving a sparkler around at night.
A man in a jacket depicting the Canadian maple leaf watches a concert.
Several people are congregating near an area with a tree, lots of bicycles and some debris, including old tires.
A baby lays on a blanket beneath a woman.
Three windsurfers ride the waves in a choppy body of water.
A woman and a man, outside, enjoying each others company.
A group of three bald men in red sitting on a railing, smoking and talking.
A lady with a green dress is using a microphone.
Two men and a boy standing in front of a brick building look up.
A woman is putting a ribbon in a little girl's hair.
Three people going up an escalator and a man with a shopping cart coming down the escalator.
Three men are sitting outside on chairs with red seats.
A group of people are on a boat in the water.
A man and a woman with headbands are talking to kids with their hands raised.
Children gather in a large room to watch an organized performance.
Taking a nap in the park with friends.
A woman is having her cigarette lit by a man out of the frame.
One of the wrestlers has pinned his opponent.
Runners participate in a marathon on closed city streets.
Two women walking and waving flags on an almost empty city street.
A male figure wearing a black shirt and jeans is strumming a guitar while holding the pick with his mouth.
A couple of people crossing the street.
A boy in a black hoodie is sitting on a step that says, "moose RVS."
A group of people are standing around near a building.
A young man in a red shirt dries a white car with two cloths.
An elderly black man pushes his bike along a city sidewalk.
A woman in a white dress is holding a blue umbrella in the rain.
An older man sweeping the street.
A brunet man is kissing a crying baby.
An elderly woman sits on the steps of a large monument.
A girl heads into the pool while others chat at the side.
A man is sitting on a bench with his feet on a skateboard.
A blond girl with an instrument on her back wearing a gray tank top, gray shorts and ripped nylons with a bike.
A man with his guitar plays on the street for tips.
Row of people sitting at a bar stool table looking out a glass wall.
People looking at an art exhibit.
Seven people, three sitting and four standing, look at framed poster art in a gallery.
Two Asian woman standing wearing kimonos, while smiling.
A Japanese couple in kimonos walk down the street on a rainy day.
A man near a Hawaiian sign.
A man wearing a yellow helmet with his visor up rides a red motorbike.
Man with camera and bag walking up stairs
Two men are trying to plow some dirt, behind a red motorcycle.
A tourist is taking pictures of a cyclist with an umbrella.
A man riding his bicycle with a red and white umbrella has his picture taken by a crowd.
A shirtless man wades in smooth blue water.
A woman stands along a street, hidden by her parasol.
A man in blue jogs in front of a mural.
A flock of people walking down an ancient street.
Several men dressed in blue uniforms march.
Three people on two separate motorcycles pass one another on what appears to be a race in Asia.
Ethnic woman from behind with blue flower shirt and red fabric in her braided hair.
A woman with dark red-hair and a black hat looking at art in a gallery.
A woman working on her computer reading.
A man with a black shirt and blue shorts stands in the doorway of a storefront.
A man is playing a drum in a marching band.
A bunch of kids and adults playing with different colored balls on a rock sidewalk.
A young boy climbing up a rope of some playground toy.
A girl in a blue Hollister shirt walking down the street with two Forever 21 bags.
A man dressed in black dances with a woman in a red dress outside.
A boy is playing on a jungle gym with a basketball in front of him.
A smiling man wearing a football jersey is carrying a stack of video games.
Two young ladies, one blond talking on the cellphone, one brunette texting, are walking on the summer street.
An aerial shot of a small boy carrying a soccer ball.
A woman with headphones holding a pen and paper while her feet are propped up on fence.
The teen rode his bike around the people walking in the courtyard.
A spotted dog is putting its mouth up to a toddler's face who receives the attention with a scrunched up face.
A woman practices weaving on a traditional loom.
A woman id decorating a bead to be placed with the others.
Three boys and a mom at the harbor.
A man in a dark wetsuit surfing in a blue watered ocean.
An older woman looking at herself through a mirror.
A man vacuuming near a toddler in a soft green painted room.
A brunette woman is painting large mural on the ground.
A crowd of women and men gather under umbrellas in the street.
An average looking man is playing the guitar.
Three men sitting next to each other looking off to the side.
Three people are using a homemade cart to carry water from a well
A group of Asian people are crowded onto a floor resting.
A group of young adults is lounging around on the sidewalk outside a building's entrance.
A man in a bike and a man approaching him talking to him and in the surroundings there are lots of bikes
A man holds up a "free hugs" sign above his head.
People are walking down a narrow street that is lined with cars.
A man sitting on a silver pole on the sidewalk overlooking the street.
A group of people stand near a tree playing instruments.
Many woman hold up a sign reading "impeach".
A man with a white shirt and glasses is sitting on the ground.
A man playing a keyboard in an empty subway station.
Black male vendor staying cool under his white umbrella waiting for customers.
A blond girl in a swing wearing Crocs.
A gas station name m&amp;h with gas the price of $ 2.52.
Man holding a blue sash that is around a woman wearing a black robe.
A man and a woman are jumping from a pier into a lake.
A father reading a picture book to his young daughter.
Six black police officers, a white policewoman and white policeman stand outside.
A man and a woman dressed in bright orange attire
A man that has a mohawk is at a market with a buggy in hand.
A cowboy is falling off a horse at a rodeo.
A boy carries a large bag on his head from a van.
A large woman sitting in front of the Beatle story exhibit.
One person is wearing a green shirt while sleeping on the sidewalk while another person wearing black pants is sleeping on the stairs.
A homeless women is sleeping in front of an altar.
A woman wearing a black shirt is blowing a kiss.
A woman with a backpack is standing next to a bicycle.
Three people sitting on a bus each doing something different.
People watching other people perform on stage.
A firemen team sprays a burning and smoking car with a hose on an intersection.
A small band plays at a bistro.
Three young men row an air-filled raft down a concrete-sided waterway.
A young couple hang out together.
Two people, a man and a woman, are on a stage at a band.
A man wearing sunglasses and a plaid shirt playing a guitar.
People line up and wait for the security guard to allow them into an event.
A man is taking a picture of a woman on a crowded street.
A man in yellow is about to take a puff of his cigar as his wife watches.
A woman in a yellow shirt walking by a parking lot.
The elderly bus driver opening the door for a passenger who needs to get off.
Two people talk next to a flag with an eye illustration.
A man and a woman wearing a hijab stand on a bridge as a ship passes in the distance.
An elderly woman sitting in the window of a stone building
A duck standing on a sidewalk with an Asian woman and her two sons walking towards it.
2 men in white coats are looking on in a Chinese restaurant.
A man standing watching a computer screen in a store.
Two women are sitting next to a staircase covered in graffiti.
Three friends stand by the river and talk about old stories.
A woman outside sun-bathing on a blanket in a bikini.
Six men sit in front of a dock, four of them wearing blue.
A woman is enjoying a drink on a crowded street.
Many people are sitting side by side on a low cement wall that separates a street from storefronts.
Two ladies in large sunhats walk down the street.
A colored couple rides bicycles with white wall tires along a city street.
Woman near a shopping cart walking past a duck.
A large group of people crossing a city street.
A woman with red-hair, wearing a black flower dress is kneeling down beside some luggage looking at a cellphone.
A man in an orange shirt with an orange ladder next to a brick wall.
Kids in t-shirts stand on a wet deck.
A young boy in a gray t-shirt aims a gun attached to a truck.
A crowd is watching fireworks at night.
People wait patiently in the crowd by the firetruck as they are directed by the fireman.
Three police officers guarding a store.
Two women walking by a building with a large American flag and a man standing in an orange shirt.
Men are laying the foundation to a building.
Man wearing black takes a nap in a green park.
A man and a woman wearing old Victorian era costumes greet each other.
Two people converse on a park bench in the background of a box of memorabilia for sale.
Two women cross a street in front of a motorized bike with two passengers.
Two people ride a motorbike on a road in front of stores.
Two kids playing on a pebble beach by the water
A little child in red pants and a black kimino like top is walking.
A woman sitting on some steps smokes a cigarette while accessing her laptop.
Five individuals, three females and two males, are performing a dance in period costume wear outside.
People are walking together on a street.
A young boy with blond-hair and blue eyes stands amidst a truck bed of watermelons while family members stand in the background.
Reenactment of old fashion waltzing with costumes - 3 couples
Three Chinese woman and one man are performing a dance for an audience.
A man and woman sit on steps outdoors having a conversation.
Two people are standing while others are walking or rushing by.
A woman is reading a book on the subway.
Three women walking down a tunnel while a seated man watches them.
A man standing on a green boat.
A group of men performing as a band outside of a building.
Young boy holding sunglasses and wearing a bathing suit.
A group of young people take a silly picture in front of a camel statue outside.
A group of people in swimwear are standing in a field covered in tents.
Many people seem to be taking a picture.
A woman in eclectic garb draws on another woman's hand.
A little baby girl in a blue top and cap sitting in the grass licking her fingers.
A man walks off of a bridge in front of a large orange building.
Two females (in blue and bright orange shirt respectively) taking a stroll.
Two young women walking down the street on a warm day.
A man focused on playing his acoustic guitar on a sidewalk.
People are walking, sitting, and standing outside of a department store.
Two teenagers at a skate park in the middle of the rain.
Several women dressed in burkas and a child in an orange shirt out walking in a public space.
Here is a picture of a man walking alone by the ocean pier.
A man and a woman are jumping into the air excitedly on a wooden footbridge.
A white male wearing denim coveralls and a white baseball cap watches two men who are sitting on buckets play music in front of a store that sells wigs.
A white dog swims with a stick.
A woman wearing a white dress and carrying a floral purse has a large fairy tattoo on her back.
People standing at a train station waiting for the train.
Three children are walking past a parking garage, one of them is on a bike.
Someone sitting still on an orange motorcycle on a crosswalk, wearing a black vest and helmet.
People are walking and there is a woman dressed in a black dress and black hood and birds are on the steps.
Beautiful colorful costumes shown in an Indian Parade.
An older man is walking in a large grassy area with a small plane in the background about to land.
A man standing with a glass in his hand and a white hat.
Several people are drinking and talking at an outdoor table of a restaurant.
A man walks along side a young girl riding a bicycle.
A girl in a green tank top is feeding pigeons.
Young man on a sofa fingers a large electronic keyboard device.
The guy wearing sunglasses and a hat is singing into a microphone.
Three men in a field with model airplanes.
A person in a large field plays with a model airplane.
Two older people standing near a model airplane in a field.
While shielding their eyes, patient onlookers await the arrival of the solar eclipse.
Old man in jeans and checkered shirt is helping a model airplane fly.
A man in a blue windbreaker is playing with his yellow remote controlled airplane.
A man working on a small model airplane.
There are 6 young men playing basketball in blue and white uniforms, while people look on from the stands.
Two older men out in a field about to fly a toy warplane.
A classic propeller-driven airplane flies in the distance as two men play with a remote-controlled toy airplane in a field in the foreground.
A bicyclists drive by a building covered in graffiti.
A man carries his jacket as he walks by some ornate graffiti on a wall.
An old women sitting on a bench.
The woman in the white dress looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings.
Two black females walking in new york city.
A young boy on a harness climbs up a boulder.
Two clowns are standing along side a woman.
An elderly man stands on a ladder tending the leaves of a tree.
A man in a rural location working to sheer a sheep.
A boy dressed in blue racing coveralls sits on a soccer ball on a concrete picnic bench.
An old man sitting in a parked street cleaner opens the door.
A lady sits in a chair, in front of a graffiti covered wall with a cart full of bags.
A young man wearing blue carries equipment across a street.
Two girls are walking down the street looking at items in the store windows.
A man sits on the ground under a sign.
A scene in a street, where one has shopping bags and the other is asking for directions.
A man, wearing a black hat, carving a design into wood.
2 rows of woman walking towards each other on the sidewalk outside of a store with a boy 50 % sign on the golden framed windows.
A man and a woman in suits are walking in front of a wall.
Two young people are standing in the doorway of a room filled with pink, white, and red balloons.
People are playing soccer on the grass.
A young girl in colorful leggings is carrying a brightly colored flag in a parade.
Chinese New Year is celebrated at the mall.
A movie poster of a man in blue holding a woman in red outside a theater
An older man walks in a park with two ice cream cones.
An Asian man with a blue shirt and brown pants rides a motorcycle.
People are walking on a sidewalk beside a set of stairs
A lady wearing jeans and a tank top and carrying an umbrella is riding her bicycle across a street.
Several Asian people on the street are looking up and holding cameras to record something.
Holding his camera over his head, a man takes a picture, while others sit nearby.
A man aiming a camera at something above a street.
An oriental man wearing a messenger bag riding a bicycle on an oriental street.
A subway tunnel with people around it
A man wearing shorts looks at his cellphone while a woman walks outside a small building.
People are walking into a store.
The economy is shacking and affecting China.
Two people are walking in a metropolitan area near tall buildings with signs.
People wait at a crosswalk next to a traffic light.
A few men and kids walking down an oriental side street.
Photo of a street in chinatown section of US city
Men and women are standing on a street corner.
A woman in a polka dotted shirt waits for a safe moment to cross the street.
Three children are standing outside with a bird flying by.
People are walking near a sidewalk display that is in front of a shop.
Observers stare at a giant christmas tree on the sidewalk.
Several people walk on a sidewalk next to a tall structure with a mural painted on it.
A group takes in an area decorated in asian culture.
There are people walking down a sidewalk in a Japanese city.
A redheaded girl is eating a potato chip.
A young toddler in an orange t-shirt is riding in a stroller.
People who are all deck out in Canadian colors are eating food at a Canadian festival.
An older woman in a gray two-piece outfit is juggling tennis balls.
People in red Canadian jerseys sit on a fountain.
A large amount of people sit outside some sort of water related event with Canadian flags.
Women are talking to an older woman in very little clothing.
Two women, one wearing a red, white and blue bikini pose for a picture on a city's street.
Three levels of a mall with colored strings hanging.
A very colorful, full store in a mall, called breeze but has party supplies.
Some people sitting in a outside chinese restaurant eating.
A young black man in a gray shirt holding up a sign on a crowded city street.
A woman wearing a bonnet looks at a wine bottle.
This Nanny is being attentive to the two children seen in the picture, and has two other strollers close as well.
A cameraman is on the sidewalk filming someone dressed in a suit.
A bald middle-aged man in a tank top is purchasing something from an elderly woman's table at a yard sale.
Firefighters respond to the scene of a motorcycle accident.
She is jumping into the bubbly pool with her bright pink swim shirt on.
A man wearing a Canadian flag at a celebration.
A man shucking corn while his son watches television.
People are standing around a table outside.
One lady is standing next to a sun filled building with columns.
A woman with white sunglasses is laughing.
A woman wearing a black shirt and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
A man with brown hair walking his bicycle across the street.
A female tennis player dressed in all white concentrating on the game.
A man is helping his daughter with her shoes, by a swimming pool.
The magician is doing a magic trick.
A young woman with silly green glasses on and a confused look on her face sits at a table under a tree.
Several video cameras lined up behind a concrete wall.
A man with a hat but no shirt attaches something to a building's roof.
A girl and a boy walking on stones.
A group of people in an office setting sitting in a circle.
An event is taking place outside.
An asian teenager wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand.
A man wearing blue jeans is laying down with his head on his bookbag.
Three woman out on the lawn of a park area holding exercise poses.
A woman carrying a large stack of wooden crates.
Two women in stylish clothes walking down the street.
A woman in a yellow shirt and blue jean pants walking.
A group of power workers at the site of a car crash.
Vendors sell various goods under large colorful umbrellas.
A girl in jean shorts and a floral blue and green shirt listens to her iPod.
Four people are wearing life jackets on a motorboat on still waters.
A woman with an orange shirt selling vegetables on the street.
A woman talks on her cellphone while standing near a brick wall.
Three women and a man are walking with a child.
A girl in black t-shirt and blue jeans walking on the pathway.
A young woman is playing a stringed instrument in a public place.
This is a woman in a yellow shirt carrying a brown purse.
An african american female in a silver knee length skirt walking.
A young girl wearing sunglasses sits among a crowd.
A deserted roadway with a man in a red shirt jogging in the distance.
A man in jeans and a black shirt waits at a park bench.
A homeless man is walking down the street with a cigarette in his mouth.
One young girl reads a book to another.
A man with a hat on is reading behind a woman in a heavy coat.
People wearing bathing suits on a wet surface.
Blond-haired woman in a purple sweater eats a chocolate ice cream cone.
Woman with red umbrella walking in a city.
A small black and brown dog is jumping on a large orange dog.
A red sign reading "ARRIVO" is hanging above a street.
A man is shooting fire from his mouth while holding a torch.
Photographers taking pictures of things around them.
Girl in tank top and pants swinging on a log swing.
A man on a ladder is power washing a building.
Two young people in shorts and t-shirts play basketball in an urban outdoor court.
A little girl, all in pink, smiles at the camera from her place on the white carpet.
A girl is selling iced tea with fresh lemons and mint.
A large crowd walking the city streets at nighttime.
A lady in a black and red outfit jumping over a lady in a black dress playing an instrument.
A man is carrying a bag in his left hand.
A city street corner with two passing bicyclists and several pedestrians.
A giant pair of glasses sitting outside a building.
A lady walking two dogs in front of a wall with a beach drawn on it
Emergency medical technicians work to help a man.
Girl standing in the back of trailer smiling as she moves hay.
A man sticking a metal rod into a river of lava.
Two police officers question a seated man in front of a subway train.
A street that is full of shops.
A man walks a dog on the side of an empty road.
A shirtless man reads the sports section of a newspaper.
Two young men wearing sunglasses and white polo shirts are standing outdoors looking at newspapers.
Many people gathered outside, sitting on benches and in grass.
Two women are participating in part of a dragon dance.
A person in a blue shirt is sleeping in an ancient monument.
A man and a woman are kneeling outside, drawing a large portrait on the concrete of a woman holding a baby
People standing near a large metalized object reflecting a city skyline.
While in Switzerland, a man in a blue sweater waits forlornly and has a beer.
A young girl playing on a playground.
A young girl in blue shirt and denim shorts, pulling on a rope, standing in a pit of mud.
A couple walk their Dachshund past a wall with graffiti on it.
Two dark headed women sit on gray steps behind a gray fence.
A woman is hugging a shirtless man.
The sunlight shining in from outside gives an ordinary Indian woman a moment of clarity.
Three old men are sitting down talking.
A man is standing on a busy sidewalk wearing a Brazil shirt and waving a Brazil flag.
Three adults are farming in front of a metal fence.
A young couple are outside among many other people and the young lady is holding a champagne or wine bottle.
A group of kids hiking on a trail.
Two Indian style dancing ladies with their backs to the camera are in a synchronized pose.
An oriental lady posing wearing a black bra and holding a handkerchief.
An elderly couple sits with their dog in a green field by the shore.
A flower girl is posing in a doorway.
Two men and a woman are sitting on a bench, near water.
A woman shades herself from the sun with her umbrella.
A man sits in front of a fruit cart waving at someone.
An older man picking flowers.
A woman wearing a grass skirt and flowers in her hair holds a pitcher.
A woman in a purple skirt is dancing.
A woman is dancing and a man is holding an oar.
Officers standing outside a shop.
A man in a blue shirt is holding a sign asking for work.
A blond women crosses the street in business attire.
A child is dressed up in costume and holding a trident.
A man is playing with a child.
Several figures in dress shirts and ties stare out the window of a brick building.
A man is dressed up in a black polka dotted hat and cape.
A girl with a purple mohawk and a red tank top is pointing and talking to a shirtless guy outside of a building.
People are walking down the street on a sunny day.
Two men sitting at a counter looking into magnifying glasses at the same time.
The man in the white T-shirt is speaking at a podium.
A man in a blue shirt poses on the street in front of police in riot gear.
A man with a painted face, wearing women's swimwear, and riding a bicycle.
A bald man wearing black using a fan made of feathers, walking down the street.
A woman is holding a red umbrella and a fan.
A little Asian girl in a floral dress is standing in the doorway and holding a teddy bear and a snack.
Dark-haired man sits on blue chair looking at laundry machines.
A man is holding his shirt into a fountain in a park.
Police wearing gas masks kneel before the ground.
A young couple are at the beginning of playing Jenga on a living room coffee table.
Man inspects sausage inside a deli.
A woman is breastfeeding a child in what appears to be a march.
A man with a cart full of rice smokes on the street.
A young man in short, shorts is in the middle of a large crowd on his cellphone.
A couple watching a show at a restaurant.
The man in the teal tank top is washing his face with water from a wooden bowl.
An older man is giving a younger man a haircut.
A woman in a tank top and jeans rides her bike along a road.
A woman sits on a bench in front of an elephant display in a museum.
Two men and a woman do yoga in a living room.
A rodeo cowboy is riding a rambunctious horse.
A man in yellow red flowery dress is playing guitar
A group of four men carry a statue.
A girl and two boys dressed in bright ethnic garb are walking together.
Man with ice cream cart standing against a wall.
A man in a cowboy hat prepares hotdogs on the street.
A man looks on while his female companion covers her face with a napkin.
A man with long dreadlocks is stopped by two men in blue uniforms.
A group of people gather in an urban environment.
Three women are dancing and playing music in a group.
Male magician doing a trick in front of an audience.
About 16 men dressed in police uniforms are gathered in the middle of a city street.
A police officer is standing with his arms crossed.
A worker in a pizza store waiting to get customers.
Two lesbians having a great time getting wet.
A young boy in a striped shirt is playing with twigs in a grassy field.
A brown and black dog shaking the water of himself
A crowd sports the colors red, black and yellow on the painted faces and clothing while waving flags of the same color.
A woman in a halter top walking with her friends.
A woman in a bikini is laying on a blanket on a dock over the water.
A man with a can walks past a painting of a construction scene.
Two police officers are talking to two men who have a robot.
Wet children playing in a park fountain
A crowd of people are standing outside a white train with multiple entrances.
Two young kids are playing some kind of a game
Two men are sitting in their seats with a girl between them.
A woman posing with a large fish hanging from a hook.
A young girl wearing a black t-shirt with necklaces and bracelets walks near an outdoor cafe.
Three vikings walking on the boardwalk.
An elderly outdoor market vegetable vendor sits with his wares and reads a newspaper.
An oriental couple walks by a hallway in a museum of art.
Several men sit outside on brick ledges built around tall trees.
Two Asian men in white robes are praying.
Two scantily clad women are kissing in a crowd of people.
A woman wearing a white dress walking by an Eastern European sign.
A woman wearing a white dress riding a bicycle.
Four people are in water talking with mountains in the background.
A small girl dressed in a white smock with pink balloons is holding a candle lantern.
An old lady next to a mural remember that dead
A man carrying a baby is walking with a woman holding a sun umbrella.
A man walks by a portrait of a man on the wall
A young woman is stroking the white rabbit that is sitting on her leg.
Three women shopping for clothes and a sign that states "5 euro".
A woman in a white dress crouches in a crowd of people.
A young child looking at a toy railroad setup.
A man, in black tight pants, sits down leaning against the wall of a white building.
Shirtless man laying on a towel in the grass.
A girl in a ethereal, blue costume holding a decorated hula hoop gazes intently into the camera.
A man wearing a gray suit is delivering a speech.
Excited couple jump as high as they can while they enjoy the view of the mountains.
A woman is protesting against pollution.
A black man in a blue suit is talking on a cellphone while smoking.
A large lady and an elderly lady are waiting at a bus stop.
A man in interesting clothes, consisting of a feathered hat, cape, and an embellished cane, sits on a bench outside a building.
A young man is playing in the fountain.
The woman in the bridal dress is standing on the brick walkway.
Yellow banners with a black lion print are hung across some trees in a sun-lit neighborhood.
A bald man leaning on a building with a young girl crouching and holding a bottle of liquid.
A woman raises her hand as a bus passes by.
There is a lady and a man sitting on a bench talking and watching people.
An older man wearing glasses is holding the door open of a red minivan.
A older woman kneeling down with a bucket inside a blue house.
A well dressed man stretching food from a pot in a restaurant setting.
A man and a woman are sitting at a table outside, next to a small flower garden.
A tattooed woman carries her belongings in a green backpack.
A man holding a guitar with his fist in the air.
Young girl enjoys herself as she is sprayed with a sprinkler
A man in a long white shirt stands in the street.
Two women wait at a Downtown train station.
A group of people sit and stare at computer terminals in a large, slender room.
A policeman is leaning on his motorcycle while people are watching.
A man with a orange hat holding a stick is talking to a man wearing sunglasses and wearing a striped shirt.
A man practices karate moves in silhouette with a backdrop of a colorful beach sunset.
A group of men are organizing an activity on a grassy field.
A man on a bridge holds a blue object over the rail.
A woman in high heels and a short skirt stands against a brick wall on a sidewalk.
A woman wearing a backpack and glasses is standing on a street.
A teenage blond girl talks on her cellphone as wind blows her hair into her face.
A jean baseball cap with the Tommy Hilfiger logo.
A black girl and white girl walking hand and hand in a busy area of a city with a public train in the background.
A man in a tie on a street.
Four members of a band are performing on stage.
A child with blond curly hair crying.
A young man greeting his supporters before a big karate fight hosted in his town
A bicyclist is calling someone or checking his text messages.
A crowd is standing on a road in between tall buildings.
A woman in a black miniskirt riding an orange bike.
A blue boat moves down a canal lined with red, orange and white homes.
A female with sunglasses is talking on her cellphone.
Lone person in a canoe, holding a rope, enjoying the scenery of the blue mountains and glassy water.
A band is playing music on stage.
A woman is holding coffee and her cellphone and appears to be looking for someone.
A man is having a conversation while a line of individuals move behind him.
Asian man wearing a white shirt and gray pants standing with a microphone near a loudspeaker.
An older woman walks in the rain holding a red umbrella over her.
A woman is walking away on a wooden walkway through a field of golden plants.
Street musicians in red robes playing on the sidewalk.
4 members of a band are playing together outside on a sidewalk.
A man in a red shirt looks at a fallen tree.
Two women in bikini tops and shorts are walking by a lake with two men.
People walking along the sidewalk on a cold day.
Eight people are on an escalator going up or down.
A group of cyclists biking down a road.
A biker in white clothes takes his hands off the handlebar in the middle of a forested road.
They are biking in the streets.
Cyclists ride through a forest while onlookers cheer.
A group of bar patrons enjoy the soccer game.
People are walking along a brick-paved street that is lined with shops under a cloudy sky.
A door greater is standing at an open door to a building.
People are sitting on benches on a sidewalk surrounded by trees with a view of city buildings.
Food vendor walks his cart of food down a road.
People sit on the pier at the edge of the water.
A woman is in a liquor store.
People are sitting outside of a cafe eating and drinking.
People watching a soccer game at the local watering hole.
A man with a blue hat is standing next to some bikes and a crowd of people.
A man works on a construction project outside of a building.
A band is playing on a stage with purple spotlights.
A lively group of civilians are in the city.
The man in the green checkered shirt is eating something.
They are dancing in the streets topless.
A group of people protesting with signs saying, "stop killing in Iran."
Colorful signs with Asian characters light up an alley at night.
There is a man fishing on a bridge.
A person working at a food cart.
Aerial view of pedestrians walking on the sidewalk of a street in a busy part of town with trees in the median.
A person collecting flowers in a silver bowl.
Two men are sitting on camp chairs while reading or studying.
A man in the street staring at a cart.
Three men sit on top of a green tank.
A man is sitting reading a book.
A little girl, dressed in pink and white with flowers in her hair, is standing outside touching her chest.
A man in a vehicle is pointing at something.
A rescue employee getting ready to pry open a car which has flipped over
A person is walking up outdoor stairs between two buildings.
An older man is sitting on a bench in front of a grassy area.
Two young adults crossing the street using a crosswalk.
A girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels.
A girl is working with her trainer on a gymnastic bar.
A black dog in front of a tree jumping towards a red Frisbee.
Girl in hat and sunglasses looking at something in the distance.
A man in a jacket and hat takes a break from his acquaintance and his drink for a thumbs up
A child in a green shirt is in a crowded classroom.
A dark-haired man with a striped shirt sitting outside with a fruit cart to make beverages.
A man playing an instrument on stage.
A rock band performing on a stage a guitarist, singer and a drummer
Man serving beer from tap as woman stands by.
A black guy with dreadlocks is dancing along with other people.
A man with a red shirt cleaning a barbecue grill.
A person holds a bunch of balloons, many of which are of SpongeBob SquarePants.
People walking through a crowded market.
A person in black shorts, while shirt and white hat, smiles in a crowd as she holds her bike.
Farmers line up and tend to their cattle.
A man is playing a set of drums on a city street.
A filled trashcan with graffiti on it.
A light brown puppy wearing a muzzle stands upright against a woman with red nails.
A person is placing car mats on the ground.
A gray-haired man with glasses and wearing a striped shirt shops for fruit
Two friends enjoy ice cream on a nice day.
An oriental woman washing something in a tub of water and soap.
A lady reading a book and a man are passing time on the subway.
A man wearing a helmet rides a bright red motorcycle in traffic.
Female jogger runs along a river in a city.
A woman dials a cellphone while walking past a shop with a reflection in the window.
A couple embraces on a busy street.
Nicely dressed woman pose for pictures or stand and talk, while passersby stroll by a fountain.
Many people with umbrellas are walking in the rain.
Several individuals are walking along a street in tennis shoes and shorts.
A diverse group of passengers ride a tour bus down the street.
A group of children posing with their certificates.
A street filled with people walking and riding bikes.
A small group of people under a tree with a white pick-up truck in the background.
A young boy is jumping off of a diving board.
A little girl with blond-hair dressed in a black tank top and a skirt watering outdoor plants with a hose.
Many people are dancing at a large gathering at night.
A man in a red shirt and shorts walks down the sidewalk past a Pizza Inn.
A man grasping a white sheet of paper sits next to the harbor.
A long-haired gentleman in shorts walking down the street with a cane.
Two women and a baby in a store.
Many people peruse open market of international food stocks.
People shop for goods at a fruit stand.
Shoppers walking down an isle of a grocery store.
Four people are browsing in a market.
A woman is viewing fresh meats and seafood at a deli in a grocery store.
A man cooking in a kitchen.
Workers in a kitchen at a restaurant are visible through a storefront window.
Some people are looking at the selections in an indoor food court.
Two people working in a bagel store, which is celebrating it's 20th anniversary.
Numerous customers browsing for produce in a market.
A woman is buying meat at a supermarket.
People enjoy shopping fresh produce at a farmers market.
Costumed riders are riding saddled and bridled horses walking through tall green grasses.
Two little girls wearing pink outfits dance together.
A brown-skinned man in a green hooded sweatshirt and blue jeans is wearing headphones connected to a handheld device.
An old lady standing holding a camera.
A woman with a blue jacket has lunch with a friend.
A woman in black and high heels with a red bag is walking.
An old woman in a blue sweater and black dress sits on a bench.
A view of people browsing a store aisle.
Two people are shopping in a supermarket with international flags above their heads.
People eating under a striped red and white overhang.
A crowd of people sit in chairs outdoors, with a city scene and a bridge in the immediate background.
A man in jeans pulling a suitcase.
A man is sitting outside with his suitcase open playing the accordion.
Old man entertains his family by playing accordion
A man and a woman walk in front of a white pickup truck and a gray car.
A Muslim woman lies down in the desolate sands of a desert.
A young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly.
A mother carries her child through a market on her back.
A woman holds a man by the collar on a curbside as a bus approaches on the street.
A Lakers fan fest with people holding yellow Lakers flags.
An elderly woman wearing a green dress is holding a cane and walking along a planked walkway.
The dog returns with the hunter's bird.
A young child dressed in yellow dances among a group of people gathered outside.
A man with a orange jumpsuit is giving a presentation at a outdoor event.
A man wearing an apron is cooking food in a kitchen.
People are walking through a mall.
Two men in red shirts carrying a glass pane across a street crosswalk.
A woman and child are on their way to play tennis.
A man in a green shirt and blue jeans is standing at a crosswalk across from a large building.
A man cleaning an object in the fountain.
A woman in a red shirt and denim skirt takes a photograph of a sculpture that is surrounded by construction fences.
Workers pull a template off a truck.
My, my let's watch as the white and red car tips over.
Two men wearing vests are holding smokey torches
A man is standing in the sand throwing a beanbag into a hole.
A man has his carry-on and is looking at a list of flights at the airport.
A lady is standing looking at all the clothes on the ground.
A man wearing a suit is standing in a group of people.
A young boy in a blue jacket standing on a corner in front of THEFACESHOP.
Two people are sitting and enjoying some beverages.
People watching art which represents an invisible man made out of a black suit and had holding a rainbow colored umbrella.
A woman reading in the park with her shoes off.
Two men and one woman hiker, all dressed in T-shirts and shorts, pose in front of a trail map in the snow.
A man is checking out a wall.
A man wearing sandal, walking down a wood path toward water carrying a towel and a beach bag.
Seven children around a cart which is full of brick
A man in a suit reclines on a bench in a bus stop enclosure.
A dark-haired man in a brown t-shirt walking on the street.
A man walking down the pier scratching his back with a boat sailing in the background as the sun sets over the water.
Two women, a man, and two dogs occupy a street corner.
4 people canoe down a river in an old canoe that sits low in the water.
A woman is standing outside of a building talking on her cellphone.
The firefighters are trying to get the car apart because something horrible happened.
Asian people wearing helmet waiting to buy food.
A number of people standing on the sidewalk along side the front doors of a transit bus
2 people preparing coffee at a shop.
A group of people ride scooters and motorcycles on a street.
A firefighter is on the street looking down.
A man walking in the city next to a group of pigeons.
A firefighter is outside in the city.
A man wearing a fireman's coat and hat is looking down an opening.
Several news media workers are holding out microphones to two men.
Old man wearing black Barret and glasses looks at a newspaper as he walks by an old building.
A man walks by a wall covered in graffiti.
A woman wearing a purple dress with a blue backpack fixes her hair while wearing sunglasses
Some firemen have blocked off the street, and people watch behind the tape.
A group of firemen move about in a restricted area.
A fireman going under the red rope.
The people are on the beach viewing the beauty of the ocean using a telescope.
A group of firefighters are walking down a street.
A man in a blue cap getting ready to photograph a scene.
A fireman with a burning building in the background.
A woman in a purple dress, holding a beer, walking in a huge crowd of people.
Spectators watch a young boy dressed in traditional clothing while walking down a road.
A group of people in white sports outfits are gathered together while one of them performs a dance.
Bronislaw Komorowski's campaign sign floats above a McDonald's.
A group of men wearing hard hats and safety vests are standing on a large metal structure.
A woman in a white shirt walking down a sidewalk.
A foreign man wearing black and a brown hat is standing still in the middle of the sidewalk.
Band playing outside in front of group of people.
A woman is reaching for something in her bag as they stand in front of a food stand.
People standing and walking around in front of a shopping area.
A young man with a white hat, and a black shirt, mixes fruit drinks for people.
An elderly man is working to sell bread to an elderly woman.
A group of people stand around a table of food while two people serve themselves.
A group of people congregate in the street.
A young man is selling ice pops and sodas wearing a sweater on his hips.
The right corner is bent on the right side, it blue white and green.
People standing in line of a beer and curry line.
Two women visiting a wine sample table.
Two women are talking at a booth that is full of hats.
A person is jumping in the air, with snow on the ground and lots of trees in the background.
Two guys climb a tree for a better view of the water.
An Asian woman is eating food with other people.
An unusually dressed man with his unicycle and his unusually dressed partner.
Two young children playing in the dirt with shovels.
A bicyclist in orange shorts and green backpack passing through a busy street.
A crowd of people at a carnival.
Homeless people sleeping on the street in front of a store.
People in a street sharing their opinions on oil.
A group of young ladies with signs are in the street protesting oil spill.
A black man with a pink shirt sits a bus stop smoking a cigarette.
The woman in purple sweatshirt speaks while her friend in green sweatshirt listens.
A man in a yellow shirt walking and drinking a beer.
Two women are standing together among a crowd of people eating some food.
A man with blue gloves is cooking under a tent.
Two people looking at a display of bottles.
Women prepare fried food at an outdoor market.
A woman on a kiosk decorating cup cakes while bystanders attentively observe the technique.
Several older people stand in front of a food booth.
A man and two women are taste testing a variety of foods.
A young lady sitting outside a sporting event looking at her phone.
An older gentleman holding a can of coke and a young boy are at some sort of market event looking at something for sale.
A man with a yellow shirt on stares in the distance
These young ladies are sitting comfortable discussing their food or talking about the woman.
Photo taken from inside a restaurant of people on the street.
Two elderly women are looking into a display case of items for sale.
A young red-haired girl is finishing her lunch.
Two old people sitting in chairs on the sidewalk in front of houses.
A lady with bright orange hair walking in a crowd.
A bunch of people are with their bicycles wearing only their underwear.
A man is standing in a crowd holding up a sign.
An older African American male holding lottery tickets on a city street.
A man watching a lady cross the street.
A woman with a microphone is standing next to a man using an Apple computer.
Woman at a market getting some fruit.
Five boys which two of them have a skateboard hanging out in front of statue.
A woman is falling through the air.
An older bearded man in some sort of fancy black and white attire surrounded by a group of onlookers.
A man relaxes in the shade watching the beach.
A bearded man in a black t-shirt sits in front of a desk holding a computer.
Two teenagers walking down the street with an arm around one-another.
Am older person wearing a blue jacket sitting on a bench eating an ice cream cone.
This woman is riding her bike in her underwear.
A woman is pulling a motorcycle up onto one wheel performing a trick.
Two ladies walking together and having fun.
Two women walk across a street, one wearing a red shirt and pink hat, while the other wears a striped, white shirt and sunglasses
Woman singing on stage in front of backup dancers
Numerous people are walking down the streets in front of a large, green statue.
A woman walks her dog in a marketplace.
A young man, wearing a black shirt with the word "love" across it, juggle three green balls.
Two women are sharing an umbrella.
A man in white shorts is in a park throwing a Frisbee.
A young girl standing at the edge of the street in a white dress.
A makeup artist wearing pink and white face paint and yarn wig is applying face-paint to a young child.
Two man on stallions perform lassoing a small black calf.
A goofy looking woman is singing on stage.
A blond singer in front of a kaleidoscope.
An emergency worker is looking out the window of a moving vehicle.
With his hands folded, sitting on a pew starring at a blank screen.
A man walking down a dirty street in front of a building that has graffiti and posters on it.
Two slim, pretty women in skimpy clothes walking together.
An older man in a beige jacket is standing outside an old building and reading a newspaper.
Four young women walking down the street with large purses.
A lady in purple and a lady in blue are standing with a van behind them.
A London police officer writing a ticket to a man.
A child holding a yellow blanket is looking in a drawer which has bibs and toys.
Two women unpacking something from a box.
A man in sunglasses, a cap, dark jeans, and a denim jacket walks by an arch.
A boy rides a bike overlooking a large body of water.
Woman in orange headscarf with her hand over her face sitting in a blue chair.
Individuals in military attire congregate beneath a stairwell.
Several uniformed people are standing at attention and one is being crowned by an officer.
Their are earphones in the male subject ears and he also has an iPod.
Three people wearing white, while walking on stilts down a road outdoors.
A man with a bag walks down the street.
A man with an Egyptian headdress and no shirt on holds up a doll and smiles.
A black high jumper performing a jump over a pole.
A woman in a black t-shirt is vacuuming the hallway.
A man with a walking stick looks through binoculars to see the mountains.
A man with a bamboo bandanna looks off into the distance as he holds a bamboo fishing pole.
Three people walking down an urban street.
She sinks her teeth into a tasty bite.
A girl in a white shirt does a yoga move atop a statue.
A woman in a black jacket and tan boots is walking on the street in front of a group of people.
A red double-decker bus in Europe.
Some people are looking at produce that is stacked for sale at a market.
A toddler wearing a blue helmet is being shown his bike from his father.
A woman and some children standing on the pavement looking at a fountain that is frozen.
Two women sitting on steps having discussion.
A person is walking by a wall that is surrounding a church.
A man in a suit is reading the paper while he walks down the street.
A woman runs up to a juggling man on a tightrope.
Three men in long clothes sit and spend the day together.
Two people are bicycling down the road in front of a tall, yellow and white building.
Tourists walk on cobbled streets past restaurant.
A woman is walking in front of a brick wall on a sunny day.
Indian girl with her mom praying or performing a ritual
A boy in a red shirt sitting on top of a railroad crossing bar.
Multiple blue umbrella tables where people are eating.
A group of people at a "Beer Gardens", gathered under a green tarp tent.
Two tourists simply dressed standing in front of two ATM machines.
Six people sit on a stone bench outside a restaurant looking in different directions.
Many men in blue uniforms are walking in formation.
Several people, one of whom is wearing a bunny costume, playing in a public fountain with balloons nearby.
The man wearing lots of medals is watching the girl in the yellow bikini top.
The young child sits on the swing without a thought in his mind.
Brunette girl with backpack readying a colorful kite.
A woman laying down in front of the doors to a grungy, yellow, red and green colored building.
A trolley heading down the street
A little boy sitting in front of a store in a somewhat run down neighborhood.
Native Americans in decorative dress appear to be celebrating for a cause.
A woman in a bikini enjoying a day at the beach by the ocean.
A man is walking his bike in China.
A woman with red-hair wears a blue dress and has a large back tattoo.
This man is walking down the street with a hand in his pant pocket.
A man wearing a hat is sitting on the ground with a small bag.
A woman in a dress is walking beneath a cloudy blue sky.
A girl in a purple sweater is watching a boy drink from a bottle.
A man and a woman standing with a group of spectators.
A middle eastern woman is talking into a microphone at a protest event.
People gather to hear a speech related to the Armenian Genocide.
A man wearing a large sombrero walking down the beach with a woman.
A man and woman eating apples in the park.
A Hindu man napping on the floor.
A man in a white jacket and hate slices pork for sandwiches.
A woman with long hair and a black shirt washes the dishes.
A man is watching what to get in the shops.
A little girl in a pink outfit is looking straight ahead and holding a pair of binoculars on a stony trail.
A man doing some fishing at a river.
A woman in a white top and jeans promoting for CYFD by the street.
An injured man lying on pavement with a man holding his head.
A man holding the Texas flag is nearly blown off his feet on a city street.
Sports fans celebrate following their team's victory.
A man holding on atop of a jumping horse while others stand around watching him in a crowd.
A woman is showing a little girl her face painting with a mirror.
An elderly couple walk hand in hand on a beautiful day together near a busy street.
A woman who is doing yoga.
A little boy on a tiled kitchen floor holding a red swifter.
A old man with a cigarette in his mouth.
A group of people on a street covered with trash and smoke.
A man jumping from a building onto a parachute.
A man is being tossed in the air by a large group holding the edges of a flag.
A woman wearing white sunglasses is holding a plastic cup.
A middle-aged man soaks up the sun in a public park.
A man in a suit speaking to a seated woman.
Six girls in bedroom floor, kneeling on each other's back to form a pyramid.
Vendors hawk their goods at an outdoor market.
A man is sitting reading a newspaper in a room with a classic blue car.
A man in a blue coat walks down a sidewalk.
A woman with a cup and a yawning man are sitting in front of the Cigar Company shop.
A man with a backpack is eating an ice cream cone.
A young man is drenched in water as a group of people play in the city's fountain.
Two men holding skateboards and one man skateboarding.
Two skateboarders walking down a sidewalk in front of many parking signs.
Customers walk about a grocery store.
A group of people outside a restaurant in an indoor shopping area.
Two blond women are hugging one another.
Three woman pray with hands folded.
A speaker in a classroom.
Two children are standing on a beach making faces, their forearms covered in mud reaching towards the viewer.
Five children wearing hats are playing in the mud on the beach.
A man wearing black shirt with devil looking eyes, holding two big slices of meat.
An homeless man is reading a magazine.
This man is laying on the sidewalk beneath graffiti on a wall.
At an open air market a man inspects some watermelons for sale.
Two men in an art booth are talking to each other
A guy sitting in a chair on the street next to his dog.
People are walking in a building where food is being sold.
Seven men dressed in orange safety hats work on railroad tracks.
The small smiling boy lifts the paper from his gift box to see what's inside.
A child wearing a rainbow striped shirt is pushing a toy cart.
An elderly man in a plaid shirt and jeans empties a coffee cup into a trash bin.
A bald man standing with his hand down his pants.
A man with a camera around his neck rides a moped in a latin American country.
A woman in a purple top carries a red and white umbrella.
A woman with a long black ponytail and a flowing white dress twirls.
Two girls riding down the street on unicycles.
A black woman in a yellow and green dress walking along a road carrying a bushel with a large sack on her head.
People stand and look out the window to view the mountain.
Young men run on the beach to train for football.
A woman with long pink hair is sitting on a concrete slab.
A Black woman dressed in tank top and jeans holds a leash to a brown dog.
Four ladies are taking a walk.
A woman looks at a red scarf of one of the vendors set up in the street.
A woman in a brown puffy jacket is walking across a busy street.
A man in a black and blue jacket is playing a slot machine.
A man laying down in the street.
A man with glasses standing on a ladder painting a wall.
Two boys are sitting reading comic books.
A man in a white apron is holding a chicken above a large pot or bucket.
That lady is pointing at her clothes in the dryer.
A woman with a bright orange backpack is standing in front of a stairway.
Four men at a coffee, tea, and hot chocolate stand.
Two men in hula skirts are standing at the top of a ramp in a truck.
A group of people getting splashing in water.
A woman with a purple top is drinking straight from a black bottle.
A little child sitting on a bench eating something red.
A man smiles down from atop a totem pole on a sunny day.
A man talking on his cellphone on the street.
Young girl in a bright pink shirt adjusts her cowgirl hat
Two men on horseback watch as another man is thrown from his bucking horse.
Three people sit together and consult a notebook while a man stands and watches over their shoulders.
A woman standing on an incline with a red bag.
Man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of PADDINGTON sign.
Two women standing in front of a map.
A large number of people gather around a body of water.
Four girls in a swimming pool the one getting ready to jump in.
A man dressed in goggles and a spiked gas mask gazes in angst and anger.
People standing on a street corner in Asian City.
Three women, with long, unkempt hair, stand together, in front of a stone wall with peep holes.
A crowd of asians walking around the city.
A man in a white shirt is reading a paper while others sit on a bench.
A woman and a man sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant.
On a narrow street lined with houses, some with red awnings, a man talks on his cellphone.
Women compete in a game of roller derby.
A man hangs from a horizontal pole, jutted from a building, with one hand.
A mom and her daughter sitting in chairs on the sidewalk.
A woman nibbles at a food item in her hands.
A girl with blond spiky hair and a black jacket walking along a sidewalk.
A man sits in a chair by the pool, playing the guitar.
A woman sits on a rock by the water.
A girl in a green shirt is posing humorously with a bicycle in a parking lot.
Three women are chatting and looking around.
A small girl wearing a pink shirt picking up small black items with a white shovel.
Two adults are leading about a dozen children down a sidewalk.
An elderly gentleman and a lady are looking at something that cannot be seen in the photograph.
A guy looking at the city map.
This female seems to be walking on the side of a light blue house.
An African American woman looking at a poster.
A group of soldiers march in a parade.
Two women smoke while walking the streets.
A boy is riding a bike past a gate with metal chicken on it.
An old cadillac and a white motorcycle on a street.
Three women dressed in black skirts and bra-tops appear to be starting or finishing a dance routine.
A food cart is operated near an outdoor seating area.
A man with a beard and red hat sits down with a drink in a paper bag.
A young girl goes fishing in a lake.
A man wearing an apron is watching a boy work on a bike, and they are surrounded by other bikes.
Kids fishing in a lake with their fathers.
A boy in a yellow shirt rides on the back of another boy's bicycle down a paved street.
Two men setting up a bouncy house.
A group of girls playing roller derby while an audience looks on in the background.
A man with a large camera is taking photographs.
Three women in matching black and yellow dresses and a woman with orange hair.
These women are skating in the roller derby.
A girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track.
Tourist are taking photos at the beautiful place.
A shirtless man sitting on a bench fiddles with something in his hand.
A boy in a striped shirt holding up a fish on a line.
Several people are watching others play inside an inflatable moon bounce carnival attraction.
A man in red shirt and blue hat fishing.
An asian girl in a cap is holding a water bottle.
A young man snacks while on a dock looking out into a body of water.
A construction worker in overalls and a yellow construction hat shovels dirt into a wheelbarrow.
A group of women are participating in a roller derby game.
There is a skater wearing a yellow top on their knees on track.
Photographers take pictures of a girl sitting in a street.
Smiling men wearing numbers pinned to their chests race walk down a wet street.
A young boy wearing a vest is sitting surrounded by and playing with Legos.
A lady dressed in a white, short dress is next to a table set for two with a rock pier in the background.
The nighttime by the river canal is busy.
A crowd of people on a street below a stained glass sign.
A man and a boy are looking at postcards.
A man wearing a denim jacket is painting a sign.
A man and a woman are standing together facing away.
A man wearing a kilt is standing on a field surrounded by flags and flowers.
A body builder wearing a Nike shirt throws a heavy object.
A man in a miniskirt whom is trying to run through a field.
A fashionable young woman walking through green-houses.
An crowded oriental marketplace set in a narrow street.
A woman wearing a white t-shirt, white shorts, and sunglasses.
There is a person riding a tall bike, in front of a purple bus.
Two women chained together, one in a red dress, the other in a blue shirt.
The women are looking at the beautiful jewelry.
A man is demonstrating a his equipment for onlookers.
Two people are climbing steps that lead to three connected green statues.
Smiling women in a purple shirt running a race.
A woman dressed in all white and heels is walking in front of a wall with a mural on it.
A man in a blue jacket standing in a market.
An older black man plays an electric guitar on a city street.
Two man lean against a brick wall outside
A man with a red vest looking at a man with an orange shirt holding a mirror.
A couple wearing kimonos walk along a shady lane in Japan.
There are many families selling various wares, including clothes, in a park.
A man works at a vegetable stand market, with prices displayed nearby.
A man in a blue cap with a blue sweatshirt is talking on a microphone while a man without a shirt smiles.
The lady in the white pants has her hand to her mouth.
A man is standing in the doorway while another man walks in a room that is in poor shape.
Several women with long hair and mini-dresses walk together.
A person in a room inspects some sort of equipment.
A woman and man playing guitar while a brown-haired woman speaks on the phone.
A little boy with blue mittens walking over a wooden trail bridge.
A girl with a cellphone is standing underneath a street sign.
A older man with a walker walking in front of a colorful wall, with multiple things going on it.
Some people near a body of water with lights all around.
A man in a black dress is walking near a poster in a platform.
A woman is standing on the sidewalk, in front of a crosswalk.
An old man wearing a suit, tie, and a captain's hat is standing amid a crowd, with an angry look on his face.
Child playing in a pool with clean water.
Two young boys using kick boards to learn how to swim.
A man reads the newspaper while having a drink.
A woman holding a little girls hand walking across a bridge.
A man in a plaid shirt blows a horn.
A group of three young girls in dresses are walking along a street.
Many bicyclists and other people on a street
Three children are playing with a yellow toy on a green pillow.
A woman with a baby carriage walks towards a group of young men.
There is a young man on a skateboard in front of a food booth.
A couple of people walking down a street illuminated by signs at night.
Many people in red sports jerseys walking and talking in a city street.
Young man sitting at a fountain on the phone.
A man wearing a blue shirt is thinking about which book he would like to buy.
People look down at something next to a large stone building.
Two dogs kind of unfriendly with their owners that are sitting down in front of a times realty sign.
A crowd is around a showgirl wearing a white headdress.
A guy with long hair and big belly walking briskly past a mural of a girl who looks mad.
A smiling young couple are strolling arm in arm down a Paris street.
An elderly man sits next to his shoes and jacket while leaning against a wall.
A group of people waiting in a train station.
Pedestrians walking on a crowded street in an asian city, seen from the back.
Two asian women are sitting in the shade under a tree.
A man in a leather coat waits with another at a bus stop.
Two women lay on their stomachs in the sun.
A man and woman are walking in a restaurant that has signs in Chinese.
In Italy, the streets are full of people.
A hiker stands on a hill looking into the distance.
A man in athletic clothing holding a water bottle running.
Two men, one with several tattoos on his shoulder and upper arm, walk on a sidewalk covered in gum.
A gathering of young women in an oriental market.
A few people are standing outside of shops in an Asian city.
A busy street has several people all around and bicycles lined up in a row.
There are a lot of people on this busy Asian street.
A man with an orange backpack in an bushy area.
Two dogs with pink hair are on a leash.
A girl looks down into a pool under a fountain.
A set of keys in the lock of an opened box on an outside pole.
A naked cowboy taking pictures with two ladies.
A little boy is wearing a t-shirt that says Gidday is looking up at the sky while enjoying a snack.
A man with a hat is turned around looking at cards.
Indian women in colorful Saris speak and look through material while a child sits close by.
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
Two men jumping in the air for a picture.
Overlooking a street with a sign above shops that states Welcome To Golden.
Music can be created, through winded instruments, by winded instruments, and they are all enjoyed by different peoples, throughout the world.
A woman in a white blouse stands in front of a crowd of seated children.
The brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
Some tourists visiting a landmark.
A man waiting for doctor's order to do surgery on a cancer patient in the surgery ward.
Doctors wearing protective gear are performing surgery.
A group of medical professionals performing an operation in a surgery.
The doctor is observing an image before surgery.
Medical staff looks on as a medical procedure takes place on a video monitor.
A woman holds a baby in the grass
A group of surgeons wearing scrubs are performing a surgery.
A operating room full of doctors and nurses.
Two men in surgeons' gowns are completing an operation in an OR.
A person is in an operating room.
A medical room with a man dressed in blue.
Three surgeons performing surgery on a patient.
Some people are walking up a stairway near the water.
Couple sitting in park near a small waterfall.
A balding man is getting his shoes cleaned on a street corner.
Two small dogs sit near a tree.
A man with a black shirt and microphone performs a demonstration at an event.
Three people are walking on a beach.
A man in a hat sitting at one of several tables inside a screened tent watching people walk by outside.
Two women wearing cowboy hats are walking down a sidewalk carrying shopping bags.
A surgical RN in blue scrubs checking the settings on the machines before surgery.
Three men dressed in surgical gowns operate on a patient.
Four men and one woman are sitting behind a table, while a wheel is sitting on the wall in the background.
A man sits in a white room amongst various scientific-looking machinery.
The doctors urgently try to repair the leaking heart valve.
Large light fixture in busy operating room.
A masked doctor wearing glasses is performing a surgery.
A man walking along side a clean up crew.
A group of people are standing around a long line of bananas.
A massive crown await in the middle of the city.
Many guards are standing in front of the starting line of a race.
Hundreds of people are running a marathon through a city.
A man in a white shirt is playing a saxophone on a stage.
A young person skateboards by the colorful mural painted on the building.
A scantily clad young woman is pushing a mountain bike on a recreational path along a body of water.
A group of campers lakeside, preparing and barbecuing food
A man is outside with his small sons, and kissing one while the other is playing.
A police officer is watching a marathon.
A marathon begins on a city street under a JP Morgan banner.
A large group of people are racing through a heavily treed park.
Two Asian women are next to a table that has food on it.
People, some in uniform, milling about on a street.
A woman in a blue and green dress is standing in front of a woman in a purple dress with a white lace collar.
A man stands giving a speech on a stage.
A crowd of people are holding white flags with red crosses.
A group of people perform together on stage.
A large group in red white and black perform on a stage.
Two women hold a red and white flag while two other women look on.
A young boy with a red backpack and blue shirt is overlooking the scenery of a historic landmark.
Performers in colorful outfits stand on a stage.
People are walking in a parade, as other people watch.
Two women enjoying the open landscapes of a park.
A man holding two brochures is posing in a busy NY street.
A crowd of people, with a man checking his phone facing you.
A clown with a yellow wig and shirt and multicolored suspenders holds an orange balloon in both hands while a child in a black hat looks on.
Huge crowd at a Birmingham event.
A group of 70's or 80's era Caucasian men and women seated and having a discussion.
Two workers face each other wearing green attire.
A group of children standing on a stage holding yellow bells and pointing at something.
A group of four people sitting on a stone wall.
People walking on a city street and a man holding a yellow flag.
A person is spinning cotton into fabric.
Many white people standing behind flags and a banner, next to big gray buildings.
A group of people are standing outside.
A dog bites an object offered by a person.
A white male is talking on a microphone.
A large group of people are gathered in a courtyard, with some laying on mats.
Four women covered in tattoos are holding small flags.
A man wearing white is hanging thread on a pole made of bamboo.
A man working on a loom-type device.
An old lady is standing next to an antique in a dress.
Woman with umbrella riding bike behind couple walking while using one umbrella
A group of army men and women hold guns and run down the street.
Two soldiers are taking refuge behind some guard rails.
Firefighters put water on a smoldering pile of debris.
Armed forces are walking in an area littered with trash.
4 Firefighters using a fire hose to put out a fire.
Firefighters are spraying a hose into a fire.
The firemen in the picture are getting ready to use their fire equipment.
A woman with a flower hat sits behind a man at the pier.
A young female standing on the deck of a boat starring at her cellphone while riding on the water.
Law Enforcement looks down the sight of a rifle in Thailand.
Two young military men in camouflage with automatic weapons.
Three men in military outfits are holding guns.
A group of soldiers are standing with guns in front of an armored vehicle.
A little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit.
Two girls are walking down a paved sidewalk in a urban environment.
A man walking along the street carrying a garbage bag.
An old man pushes a cart past a shoe store.
Woman in pink shirt and black skirt walking down the street.
A man and a woman examine the wares of fresh produce at a grocery store.
A two men are walking together down a sidewalk.
The young man with a white sweatshirt walks away from the white Acura vehicle.
A military man is peeking out of the top of his tank.
Two firefighters are putting out a fire at a dump.
A soldier ducking holding a weapon wearing green clothing.
Four people in emergency suits and helmets spray water from behind a cement wall.
A soldier crouches next to his armored vehicle parked under a bridge.
There is one individual in this image with a hard hat om and a radio in hand seemingly to be waiting for instructions.
A group of people overlooking the water from a boat.
A soldier fires his gun while standing next to a wall.
Five soldiers hold and aim their weapons.
Lovely city scene showing a clear blue sky, three old buildings and a narrow street with rail tracks.
Carnival Barker stands in front of a circus tent.
A man wearing a hat is walking and carrying a pole with a hook on the end in one hand and a large aluminum can in the other.
Man in a blue shirt walks down a sidewalk.
A man in a khaki jacket and ball cap walks down the street.
An old Asian man standing in the doorway of a building.
A woman in orange shoes smoking and reading on a park bench.
Group of asian men playing volleyball
A man in a reddish rust colored coat carrying a large wooden stake.
A woman painting something on a little girl's face.
The front side of a food vendor in a park.
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.
One male adult holding a male child who is looking at an animal, and one female adult holding a female child.
A man in a blue shirt painting something outside.
Girl in colorful top and high heels dancing
A group of people looking at merchandise on a table.
A man in a white shirt and a woman in a red shirt are dancing outdoors with many people surrounding.
A woman and child making a creature out of paper products.
People are gathering outside a building where 'Love Story' is being held.
A group of emergency workers oversee a massive deterioration on a city street.
A man taking a photo of a bridge on the river during sunset.
A little girl smiling in a colorful knitted hat.
Young blond girl looks unsure as she feeds colorful birds outside.
A street view with cars and buildings.
A man in a panama hat and aviator glasses converses with another man in a gray sport coat and jeans.
The urban trolly's of a city on a sunny day.
A man in a black shirt and jeans is walking by the sea.
A couple kiss outdoors, while another couple watch.
One man paints another's face at an outdoor event.
A man is sprinting by another man with an umbrella.
A couple in a town where tourist are visiting but they are unhappy.
A man rides a jet ski across the ocean.
A woman is running in front of a striped wall.
A car with large full bags on its top.
A man wearing a beige shirt has squatted down in the street next to some cut stones.
The crusaders are marching along the road.
A subway scene, with a blue train moving through the station while passengers walk and wait around.
Two young girls walk in a parade.
A young boy in a red life jacket is swimming in a pool.
Two fashionable girls stand on a sidewalk in front of some bikes.
A woman in her underwear on a pillow while men look at her.
A dog runs along the ocean surf.
An older woman leans on the balcony guard rail of an apartment building; she is looking out over a street lamp.
Two men with backpacks on looking at lingerie in a window.
A boy playing with the ball in the capital city Berlin, Germany, in Europe.
A performing arts group participate in a small parade.
Two young children are asleep on a couch.
The young boys at the table are playing a game.
A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.
Man wearing black shirt throwing an axe.
An Asian woman is holding a large blue and white tube while looking at another woman and a red bus passes by her.
A little Asian boy eating pizza.
Two dogs with their heads down a hole and their tails are sticking straight up.
These two women is at Giorgio's having fun.
A girl with a uniform standing on a sidewalk with something red and blue in her hand.
A young woman walking down a busy street
Some people sit on a rail over a lake.
Two ladies are laughing on the street.
A silver car driving by a Hotel where people are standing outside of.
A young boy in a hat is fishing by himself.
A woman in a red skirt with flowers is walking down the street.
Man wearing a red plaid kilt standing in front a passing children.
A man with a dark blue shirt and hat wears glasses next to a taxi.
An older gentleman prepares to hit a golf ball.
A woman in a red dress standing next to a large tree.
A young woman walks alone through a bus terminal.
A woman with dark clothing and a ponytail walking by a metal fence near a bus station.
A man wearing a plaid hat sits in a lawn chair reading a magazine
A little girl, by a fence, looks like she is talking on a cellphone.
Woman with long hair on a bicycle looking at a child.
A girl wearing a blue dress and a guy wearing jeans are walking into some sort of storefront together.
A man smoking and holding the leash to a dog is standing next to a woman wearing sunglasses.
A woman wearing a black shirt and shorts walks through a fountain.
Crowd of people standing in a station.
A couple walks through a busy area with a lot of people.
A woman on a bright street is playing the violin.
A man with brown hair playing the drums.
Two people sitting in hats and shades.
A man in a aqua jumpsuit with an apple in his hand is looking over a cliff.
A crowd of people in an outdoor area.
Two black men in black coats walk down the street with women looking at them.
A man with glasses is wearing a shirt that says to go downtown.
Tattooed female hipster with over-sized belt smiles while another woman stands in background.
A woman in a blue tank top and blue pants jogs.
A man in a baby blue work-shirt talks on the phone on the busy sidewalk.
A girl in a white jacket is selling pastries out of a box.
A woman with red-hair is walking down a tree lined path with a brindled dog following her.
Man walking little girl with backpack across street.
A girl with blond-hair wearing a sleeveless top is being held by a woman.
Two women wearing black t-shirts are sitting in the grass.
A little girl riding a two wheeler, wearing her helmet close to the street with passing cars.
A businessman in a tan suit sleeps on the sidewalk near a building.
A man wearing a red baseball cap and jersey is standing next to an older car and staring at a young, blond woman as she walks by.
An Asian girl is modeling rubber boots.
A cloudy day in a city doesn't keep away crowds of men and women on the sidewalks.
A couple enjoy the scenery while a photographer captures it on film.
A man in a white shirt is reading a newspaper.
Three workers are outside at night working.
A motorcyclist stops at an empty crosswalk, while thirty or forty motorcycles and bicycles sit parked in the street beside him.
People walk down a street in an uncrowded neighborhood.
A police officer with a surgical mask on is standing in front of a group of girls in uniform.
A group of people are sitting on a rocky beach.
Two people scramble across the street while rain falls from above.
People standing in line by a truck waiting to buy ice cream.
Two women and a man are standing in front of a painting of Cher.
A photographer is taking a picture of an ornate building.
Two men are standing on the sidewalk with their instruments on their back.
Three people are sitting and waiting.
A band performing a concert in front of a moderately large crowd
A crowd of people marching.
Several men and woman protest against Israel while a man in a blue shirt shouts at them.
A man in a restaurant being looked at through a window.
There are many people attending a parade like activity on the street.
A group of Middle Eastern heritage marching down a city street protesting.
A group of people wait on the sidewalk, wearing hats.
A man in a black shirt loading or unloading a blue honda.
A small kid wearing a helmet smiles while his father is doing some adjustment at its back.
A group is letting their political opinion be known.
A woman with a head covering and traditional clothing is reading into a microphone from a piece of paper.
A group of people protesting in a city.
A woman is standing in a white truck singing while people watch her.
Large man in black shirt next to police officer walking away from man in blue shirt and backpack
A man in a white hat, sunglasses, and dark shirt speaks into a microphone.
Former New Mexico governor, Bill Richardson in the middle east giving a speech.
A woman in a blue shirt that is sitting at a table with her notebook, pen, and laptop.
A woman in pink dress is sitting on a cycle.
A police officer is talking to several men on a busy city street.
A man reads a book, on a city sidewalk, while a lady waits and other pedestrians walk past.
A man with a white shirt and tattoo sits inside an ice cream stand covered with pictures of delicious treats.
A woman holding a beverage is walking down the street.
A man in a red shirt holding a cane is ordering some food at the market.
A man is outdoors chopping food on a table.
Three young men are watching a tennis match on a large screen outdoors.
Several people are moving away from a brightly colored tower.
People sitting on the ground watching a little boy and man doing something.
People are riding motorized vertical scooters down the street.
A young woman leaps into the air with the US Capitol building in the background.
People in black hats gathered together downtown.
A group of people with colorful flags downtown.
A woman drinks a beer while watching an outdoor concert.
Construction workers look on from top of building while two more are suspended from a crane in a basket.
Older man in a plaid shirt leaning in a restaurant.
Woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse, rides a scooter down the street.
Bicyclist is looking to his right as he travels through traffic.
A man in a white shirt is standing in front of a clothing store.
An african american man stands in front of a Harlem, NY fire station.
A man in a bright yellow shirt standing outside of a bright yellow building near a pay phone which has a bright yellow handset.
People are gathered outdoors at nighttime.
A group of professionally dressed people are sitting near each other is a downtown area of a city.
A man in a colorful tie-dyed shirt walks past a nail salon.
A man standing out front of a pizza restaurant with boxes in front.
A man in a green shirt is standing beside a car on the street.
Person lies down on an orange cloth in front of giant billboard with gating in front of it.
A man in a hat laying down while photographing.
A woman in a blue shirt makes a painting of two windows with green shades.
A climber ascending a mountain
The men in the long dress wardrobe are putting on a show.
This person is climbing the side of a mountain.
Two women workers in hats serving food from a stall.
A teacher instructing her students in class.
A woman in a green shirt swinging, with only one shoe on.
A man wearing a brown suit is walking down the sidewalk.
The woman in the black dress with flowers takes a picture at the art museum.
Three little kids in a open field looking towards the sky.
A man dresses in a military uniform looks through a microscope while a bald man in a white coat looks on.
A group of people look over ledge.
A cyclist with a green backpack and a helmet riding the streets.
A brunette lady in a blue shirt rings up a customer at a store.
A woman in a black hat and black shirt standing in front of a Red Bull Car.
A man is pulling a wheelbarrow laden with bricks.
Two boxers are landing simultaneous punches on one another.
Two people, one seated and one standing, in front of a graffiti painting.
A guy in shorts and a backward cap is spray painting a wall outside.
Three woman passing by a poster in the street.
A blond woman in a blue tank top glances at an unidentified figure in front of the camera.
Two men are preparing their beverage stand.
Young ladies working on their computers, studying and relaxing at the same time.
An old couple walking down an alley holding hands.
Cityscape with four men on bikes serving as the focal point of picture.
Bearded man in thong shoes talks with woman on a sunny day.
One person in black leaning against a building in a sliver of sunshine.
Two men in a yellow Penske truck
Street in Europe where a group of men are sitting on their motorcycles.
A man is using a hammer and chisel to make sculptures.
A blond lady in a decorated blue dress is covering her face with her hand.
1950's police cars at food a cart truck.
A group of girls around a table full of fabric.
Four men are standing outside near a white truck bed.
A public gathering of sorts consisting mainly of people of an African descent.
A woman with straight blond-hair talks on a cellphone outside.
Four people are on a red bridge with a pipe going across it, some walking while some stand in place.
An dark-skinned little boy with headphones in.
A group of people standing next to a "no truck's" sign and a yellow street sign.
A heavyset man with two redhead babies in his lap.
A man in a blue striped shirt and jeans along with a woman in a brown shirt walking across the street.
People are having some kind of a day fair.
A large group of people ascend a staircase leaving a room with oriental writing on the ceiling.
A man selling a bundle of balloons on a boardwalk
A young boy wearing a black and red dress shirt frowns as he gazes off.
Many people walk up and down ChinaTown, possibly during an event.
A horse has bucked in an arena and the rider is coming off of its back in midair in front of a crowd in the stands.
A fireman standing on top of a firetruck.
Two men, one wearing a red shirt and black pants and the other wearing white, are playing basketball outside of a brick building.
There is a man walking on the sidewalk.
This is a four-way stop featuring three cars, one cyclist, and two pedestrians.
People are eating in a restaurant.
A man is putting sand on the ground near a large statute of a lady sitting down in a red dress holding a bottle.
A mannequin dressed in lingerie is being advertised.
Two young women hold hands near a tree.
An old man is playing his guitar.
Yellow taxi cab moving across the bridge and huge buildings in the background.
An Arab women getting interviewed by the press.
A man in glasses with a beer and fire
She walks past the beautiful blue mural.
Two children are standing against a brick wall in the sunlight.
The man in the red shorts has a tattoo on his leg.
Three men sit, and one man stands, on the back of a vehicle.
A gray "labradoodle" jumps over another large dog.
A middle-aged man wearing a blue hooded jacket and a plaid hat is standing with folded arms outside a city building.
Man and woman talk at seminar.
A man in khakis and a blue shirt speaks into a microphone before a group.
A group of people in a reunion discussing a very important topic.
A man in a light blue shirt is bent over adjusting his boot, while his hat lays to his right.
A smiling artist is kneeling on the sidewalk.
A woman is standing in front of a wall with a bunch of graffiti.
Man on trash truck working hard for day.
Two men play didgeridoos in front of a fireplace while a Siberian Husky lays on a couch.
Four men in green uniforms sweeping up the street after a parade.
There is a huge crowd of people all with umbrellas.
A group of older men and women sit attentively listening in metal folding chairs.
This photograph captured a man and a woman skating in an intertwining pose.
The woman is wearing a flower printed shirt.
While drinking a coupe of Red Stripe beers, a man with a gray t-shirt speaks to another man wearing a blue button up shirt.
Two men sitting on a flight of stairs next to the number five.
A brown dog jumps over a chain.
A woman looks down from a high point above a calm blue ocean.
Several people are sitting in seats near a small table with drinks.
Several Asian people are on a train.
A man in a red shirt and white shorts is walking behind a man in a white shirt.
A woman in jeans walking with an umbrella.
A man in a blue shirt sitting on a blue seat.
A baseball player is fielding a ball.
A man in a gray shirt is standing outside of the subway.
A busy street with shoppers making their way home.
A city intersection with a man on bike and a store on the corner called SWATCH.
People sit a tables while a man speaks with a microphone.
A young man wearing a gray shirt is standing outside of a log home while smiling.
A man is standing next to a Police van.
Two young ladies are sitting on the steps of a rustic building.
A female laying on her stomach in the water outside with umbrellas.
One slender man and one stout man walk on a city sidewalk.
Two people are walking next to a wall with graffiti.
The man is sitting on red steps outside apartment with red doors.
A woman running in a race while onlookers cheer her on
A person lying outside reading a book during the day.
A woman is walking a dog on a leash.
A man is sitting down wearing blue gloves and wearing a white jacket.
A man in an umbrella hat sits near a palm tree behind a group of shoppers.
A motorcycle racer in a blue and pink suit getting ready to race.
People are walking around baby elephant model displays.
A man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing laughs as he views a show.
Woman in busy street holding a Starbucks coffee.
The blind woman in the pink shirt is talking to a man outside of the cafe.
A mother and her two daughters stop in a courtyard.
A group of people gathered in a large room that has beautiful architectural elements.
Three people walk by a mural of a cow.
A man in rollerblades is sitting down at an outdoor skating park.
A person wearing rollerblades is skating along side a railing.
A man in a gray sweatshirt making a face while playing the drums.
A man is walking down a narrow walkway.
A man with red glasses and curly hair is standing on a busy street.
Three men are standing next to each other wearing different colored shirts.
A woman is walking down the street on her cellphone while holding a cup of Coffee.
A woman fiddles with her phone at a diner.
A baseball player is attempting to tag out a runner.
A street performer painted in gold stands by a gold-covered old time camera.
A group of women in sports uniforms are playing frisbee in a field while others spectate.
A woman in black, holding an umbrella, crosses the street.
Two women walk towards a fire hydrant, painted with a face on it.
A man in a white shirt taking a picture.
A man in a black and white plaid shirt is sitting at a table in the restaurant ordering food.
An older artist painting while his sitting dog looks on.
Happy face of man speaking into microphone held in hand in front of brick building.
Asian people standing inside a business.
Three women are out having a drink together.
A woman and two children prepare a kite.
A man walking through a busy city where another man on a bicycle is transporting goods.
A fence separates a woman holding a red flag from a law enforcement officer.
The woman is checking her device as she pedals down the street.
A woman is holding a picket sign on a sidewalk.
An old man and lady on grass in between rows of American flags.
Three ladies wearing costumes walking through a mall.
Male surfer with yellow surfboard and dog walking down picturesque beach and large rocks.
People waiting to cross a street at night.
A group of people riding bikes and walking across a road in the city.
Two teenagers sit on a dock and check their cellphones.
A man wearing a white t-shirt and headphones uses spray paint while working on a mural.
A young female spray paint artist works on a painting.
A middle-aged man reads a plaque on a wooden cross located in a field with wire fencing and trees.
An elderly man is standing outside at night.
People are walking along a beach with a pier in the background.
A man comforts his friend along the street.
A girl is sitting down while looking at something.
A woman standing in front of things.
A woman with a very large black wig and giant sunglasses is holding a mirror up to her face.
Women wearing jean jacket over striped shirt walking in dock yard
Dilapidated buildings in the background of a lot of green grass.
A woman in a white shirt walks with a shirtless, tattooed man.
A man finds a unique place to sit and rest on a city sidewalk.
Woman in purple shirt stares into the distance.
A lady in a blue shirt has a shopping bag under her left arm.
A woman in a dress and Capris lays out photos
A woman wearing a green tank top and unusual necklace at a table in a restaurant.
The girl in the gray shirt has very dark hair.
Two girls wearing white dance at night outside.
The woman is fixing her shoes while the man looks at his cellphone.
A blue Harley motorcycle is one of a group of motorcycles owned by motorcyclists.
Two Women carrying cellphones and wearing bright dresses.
Two boys are smiling while a woman is behind them in a stroller.
A brown-haired woman listens over a drink.
A man in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touching drinking glasses.
A baby wearing pink is sitting in a highchair.
An African American worker putting food into the oven while looking at the camera.
Woman walking behind two mail carrier drops in the grass.
A group of teens sit on steps watching a man and woman.
A Man with a cane is walking on a sidewalk.
A man is looking at what seems to be a cardboard cutout of a woman in a kitchen.
An older heavyset man is resting on a bench with his shopping cart nearby.
A African American man, is cooking on what appears to be a professional cooking range.
A woman in a white outfit is walking up stairs.
A young black boy with a striped shirt, black shorts and black rain boots laying on a row of yellow street barriers.
Two people are riding their bikes in city traffic.
A man in the military is walking with his two daughters.
A woman in a strange array of clothing.
A crowd of people stand next to a number nine, either getting on or getting off.
A group of musicians performing in the street.
A man squats in the grass to take a picture of a flower while a slim woman looks on.
A woman with an umbrella is sitting on a stone bench.
A busy store full of people shopping at the store.
Two girls showing something to each other.
A woman in jeans and a blue tank top laying in a tree.
A Taiwan man holds a sign protesting the government.
These three girls are wearing summer dresses and playing with the dog in the grass.
A man surrounded with plates and plates of food.
An overweight person with sandals reads a magazine on a bench.
Three women in black dresses walking down the street
A man with a camera and another man with a baby stroller are standing in a fenced in area.
Young girl stands in her baby carriage on the grass.
An older man playing an instrument in the rain.
Man with Adidas gym bag walking down sidewalk.
A lot of people standing around a street next to a sign
A man balances a paper lantern on his outstretched hand.
A crowd going wild as the concert comes to an end.
Two young women texting by a bike.
A group of people face towards a bridge across the water.
A man in a black flees holds ropes on a balcony.
The sky glows a vivid yellow in the sun.
A white male is playing the drums.
A man with a cart walks along a wall covered in graffiti.
A man and woman riding on a subway car.
A woman in a blue jacket reads a book next to another woman reading a magazine.
A band performs for Good Morning America's Summer Concert Series.
A man with a pink camera taking a picture of a rock concert.
A man and a woman are standing on a stage.
A young man dressed in a blue jacket is holding a statue over his head.
A woman is painting a sign on a blue brick wall.
A man in a hat is playing an acoustic guitar with a band at an outdoor venue.
People are enjoying the entertainment at the Summer Concert Series.
An angry looking man in a green Seattle Seahawks hoodie leans on a railing.
Male and female holding railing looking off into the distance.
A blond woman is singing into a microphone and giving the "okay" symbol with her left hand.
A lady holding a microphone standing on a stage.
Two men practicing martial arts one has his right leg in the other man's face.
A man in a green shirt waits while the police question some snowboarders.
A woman wearing gray and a boy wearing a white shirt playing with toys on the ground.
Japanese people sitting in a really fancy cafe reading.
One man, wearing a blue jacket, is kicking another man, wearing a red jacket.
Two men wearing vests doing martial arts.
A group of four children cross the street, as an adult looks down the street.
A man in a black suit is walking.
A lady is riding down the road on a motorcycle with a person with a white helmet.
Three people wearing white hard hats ride on a forklift.
A man is sitting on the street under an umbrella with the sewing machine and altering clothes.
An Asian woman in a white apron and mask, with orange gloves is taking a picture.
The asian in the green hat and green, orange and blue vest is looking at something.
A man and a woman holding a baby walk past some wooden furniture.
A young woman in a black shirt walking down a city street.
2 little girls eating ice cream.
A older woman in a dark coat holds a pack of paper tightly.
A couple relaxing in a paddle boat on a body of water.
A car and many people are standing on the road.
People rock climbing and hiking near a lake.
A man is sitting outside in a blue lawn chair and painting a man with black hair on to a canvas.
A man is standing behind a giant green machine.
A woman is wearing a blue and white striped shirt while sitting.
A masculine gentleman is walking down the street carrying a portfolio.
Man wearing black glasses and v-neck t-shirt carries small girl in striped pants upside down.
Worker in a hat is sweeping leaves down a street.
Two women stand in an open field, along with two dogs, one woman holds a bucket, the other a jacket.
People sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk.
A man in an orange red shirt is viewing two monitors on a desk that also has his foot and a Staples Easy button on it.
A brown dog has a purple disc.
This is a scene of a production crew outside in a street near a deli.
A stairway with green plants growing on the side.
A man in a black and white baseball cap looking into a silver pontiac.
A muzzled greyhound leaps over grassy ground.
A group of firemen and officials prepare to turn a car right side after a crash.
A man uses an axe to do yard work.
Emergency medical crews, firefighters, and police officers at the scene of a car accident.
Bystanders watch the aftermath of an accident between a red and black car.
A man is sitting on a bench talking on a mobile phone while other people stroll across a walkway above him.
Two people sitting down outside of a glass building.
A person with a black hat and a union jack bag walks on a sidewalk passed an old stone building, the green-framed windows of which say "mooch art."
Two men carrying their daughter on their shoulders.
A firefighter in uniform is holding a red hose
Mexican emergency workers help remove a man from a crashed vehicle.
Police officers putting yellow tape from a doorway to a tree to stop bystanders from entering the area.
A man in a green jacket fishing from atop a rock.
There are several people on a boat and one is person is dropping their drawers and mooning passersby.
A man in a plaid shirt looking through a telescope lens.
A coated middle-aged man looks through a telescope at the sky at night.
A man is preparing food while another watches.
Four couple performing dance routines is colorful green and white costumes.
Three women in blue and red outfits are carrying a banner.
The sunlight casts long vertical shadows on the back of a young girls' denim jacket.
Two women in black hats stand on the street.
A group of dancers with green shirts are all holding hands in a circle, one lady has a white shirt.
A man and a woman on a scooter.
A group of faithful shoppers bear the cold while one points to his favorite store.
A man enjoys the sun in a park.
One women in black jeans and a bikini throws her hand in the air while on the beach.
A girl's hair streams behind her as she swings
Four women are rowing down the stream in canoes with bamboo stalks and thatched houses on the sideline
Children are doing various things in the pic, eating and posing.
A man with a dark jacket, shirt, and pants, standing near a grill with one hand holding the handle of the grill's lid.
Old people standing in a circle at a party
A lady is walking out of a short tunnel as a male prepares to enter it from the opposite side.
People are eating at tables in front of an art deco wall.
A young girl who is playing croquet and is smiling because she is doing well in her game.
This young boy is walking near a street.
People are walking along a street under a large billboard.
A shirtless man in a white chair looks out.
A woman in a black shirt, and white shoes talking on a phone.
A dog jumps over a pile of logs.
A man in a white shirt is fixing the tire of a crimson bike.
A woman in a black tank top and shades with a tattoo on her arm.
A young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called, "Sara's Old Fashioned Ice Cream."
A woman is walking by a building labeled Fisher's Popcorn.
A shirtless man with a blue skateboard is performing a trick.
A girl skateboarding in red shoes on pavement
A woman staring at the camera from behind sunglasses, holding a bag and coffee cup.
This dirt biker is enjoying the race at the racetrack in Atlanta.
An old man wearing a bandanna and a denim apron looks at a cabinet in a workshop.
A man walking by a sitting man on the street.
Ample dark-skinned man looks back at camera from behind buffet.
A motorcycle rider is jumping in the air while someone in the background is watching.
A solitary bicyclist rides past an ornately decorated two-story building with many windows.
Two children are sitting down surrounded by various types of food.
A man in a blue jacket sitting at table reading in front of a restaurant.
Two people hug next to a group of teenagers.
The beautiful lady is pouring something into the other container.
Bald man in chef's tunic grasping magazine with conviction.
A little girl is swinging high above a wooden fence on the swing.
A man eats on the street as he walks.
A woman in a Vegas looking show girl costume in a blue and white feathered headdress moves ahead of a crowd of blue-shirted individuals.
Two children with shaved heads, one with a walking stick, standing on the street.
A laughing woman holds a pink star shaped lamp towards the head of a shadowed person in the foreground.
A man is scrapping paint off a window.
A man and a woman work hard to clean up after a long day.
A man sitting at a table smoking.
A beautiful day for riding bikes and motorcycles, and having a bar-b-q with family and friends.
A woman and children swinging on a tire swing.
A young father in an orange construction vest has a young son on his shoulders who is wearing a matching vest.
Some people walking and others sitting by a street corner.
A bee on top of a flower
Two males playing football on what looks like a gloomy day.
An African-American man is standing in the street with a bowl of bananas on his head.
A man in a fez holds out a cup in a city plaza.
Husband and wife heading up the hill to go to the swimming hole.
Many small sailboats sitting at a dock.
A young man is sitting on the grass fixing some kind of a sports net.
Man in red jacket is disinterested by parade.
A young man is pouring tea from a kettle into a glass.
Young woman in ceremonial clothing walking with parasol.
A man wearing a gray hat is playing a violin.
Two women are walking through an urban setting with camping equipment.
A boy sitting on a red chair, looking through a book with a guitar and amplifier next to him.
Two men are playing chess on a green crate table.
An asian woman is wearing a black graduation cap and gown smiling on a lawn.
A person is repairing a bicycle while four people watch in an urban setting.
A woman in an orange scarf holds a white cellphone.
A male performer acts a story out for young children
A woman with red-hair stands behind a fence with her camera, along side other people.
An old man is grilling food in a backyard.
Two young girls are positioned behind a table covered in various toys and miniatures.
This is the picture of a woman in a flowered dress, toting something in a bucket.
Two older people, one man and one woman, sit on a bench with a cityscape in the background.
Group of people in a square on sunny day
A toddler child is sitting outdoors on a green and white towel and the child is smiling at someone to the right.
A crowded street full of Asian people.
A group of people in a foreign country some carry packages, come walking, some standing.
A woman wearing a tank top is holding a blue umbrella and kneeling next to luggage.
Two men look thoughtfully off the side of a bridge.
A young man leaning against a streetlight as a bus with a statue of Liberty sign drives past.
A man in a red shirt is looking at some items on the ground.
A man in a red shirt is doing something with a bicycle tire.
A street vendor wearing white pants and black t-shirt is standing near his cart with cold beverages.
A man leans on the tree playing a clarinet while recording himself with a video camera.
A crowded sidewalk with people on it separated from the street by metal barriers.
Taxis are driving down the rad in the rain.
Many people waiting in long lines to get buy tickets.
Boy peeking in a girls clothes at her tattoo.
A young gentleman with brown hair, sporting his sunglasses atop his head, enjoys a refreshing drink as he peruses a menu.
A woman holding a tray of liquor shots.
A man in front of a lake cleaning fish in a striped shirt.
Girls dance behind a man wearing a white robe and turban.
A boy stands in the grass waving the flag of his home nation.
Workers in a company cutting plastic for a waiting customer.
A man in a black jacket is walking his small dog in a quaint neighborhood.
A girl involved in a game of Human Bowling.
A boxer in white shorts lands a punch on the face of the boxer in the blue shorts.
Two women are kayaking on a large body of river.
A man in a hat stares forward with people behind him and next to him doing the same.
A woman and man are dancing on grass.
A BMX biker in the air, following a jump off of a constructed dirt hill in a forest setting.
A man on a bicycle jumps from a ramp.
A woman is sitting on some steps and relaxing with her eyes closed.
One male runner looks at another as they race.
Police in riot gear are walking down a street.
An baby girl in a floral pink outfit cries.
Three kids are in large inflatable bubbles floating on top of a pool.
A man waiting for the bus.
A man in a gray shirt is walking next to a concrete wall.
A girl is celebrating her graduation outside.
A man next to a bike with a flag attached trying to get the attention of others around him.
Girls are preparing food to eat.
A man wearing an orange shirt is serving snow cones from an ice cream cart.
Two Japanese women are holding brooms and walking on a sidewalk.
A woman shakes hand with another woman, as they stand under a sign for a protest they are conducting.
Two men are rock climbing.
A bearded man, using a wooden pole, stirs bowl-like objects around in a large metal box filled with water.
A man sitting in a chair in front of a wall of pictures.
Some men and some women are standing outside while wearing colorful clothing.
A bearded man uses tools to carve a wooden object.
Patrons waiting at and nearby a crosswalk in a foreign country.
The young lady is decorating herself for Halloween.
A female acrobat is suspended in midair while doing a striking pose
A lot of people gathered in a park.
A person sitting in a hoop attached to a pole at nighttime.
A dancer pole dancing in the middle of the street outside BUA.
A man in a bear suit, holding the head of the costume in his hand, stands at the back of a crowd.
A mother and daughter walking down a city street.
A person in a white shirt standing in front a building with a lot of glass.
A group of people stare upwards, some seem to be in shock.
Sidewalk artist relaxing on the stoop after a hard day at the office.
A homeless middle-aged man holding a soda cup looks at two people who have walked past.
A man is holding two flippers while standing in front of a boat.
A group of girls in black and white spotted skirts cross a street.
An older african american man is grasping something walking down the street.
A woman wearing a red coat with a black headscarf stands against a wall.
Boy with white powder and blue writing on his face
A woman lying on asphalt in the middle of a busy park.
A woman with brown curly hair, holding sunglasses, standing in a crowd.
Four women are posing for a picture.
A man is bent over by an old stone wall, looking into his backpack.
A young boy in a red shirt stands on a stool in a bathtub.
A female with blond-hair, wearing blue jeans, walking past a music store and tall, beige building which has tall glass doors.
Family members enjoying a beautiful sunny day at the park.
A man is dressed in police clothes with a helmet and shield.
A group of people enjoy a united calling.
A couple is standing outside a German restaurant examining the menu.
A group of construction workers peer out at the city.
A woman in a white tank top is sitting net to water with a canvas in her lap.
A serviceman wearing a hard hat being lowered below a sidewalk.
Man with bowl cut and gray shirt photographed from behind on a subway.
A man is leaning against a wall with his shoes off.
A lady is walking across a road using an umbrella to shade her from the sun.
Two Police officers walk down the beach.
A man and a young boy wearing striped shirts walk on a dirt path along the water.
A woman showing a young lady items.
Two men wearing yellow vests are lounging with their eyes closed in two cycle rickshaws.
Various people crossing the street by a liquor store and Thai House.
Two men play catch with a football in a grassy field on a sunny day.
A man in a black shirt is at a skateboard park holding his skateboard.
Three uniformed workers are cleaning the outside windows of a restaurant.
A man with a beard is talking on the cellphone and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street.
People stand in line in front of a store advertising beer, ice, wine and tobacco.
A man in blue shorts boxing another man in black shorts.
A man and two children, one child sitting on a pillow, staring out at an aquarium full of tropical fish.
Two brunette females wearing sunglasses in the outdoors.
A woman in a blue sweater, holding a camera, is jumping in a park.
Two ballerina dancers performing on a stage.
A Australian Sheepdog is sitting on a wooden dock, tied to a white sailboat.
Precision is key as this guard throws his gun in the air ready to catch it.
A man with a grayish jacket and gray hair is looking at someone's shoe.
Two men work with a ladder in Amsterdam.
A person is sitting on a ledge by a river in a city.
A man unlocks a blue garage door.
A man amusing a woman and girl on leg extensions with a top-hat.
A person in a green shirt holding a colorful umbrella.
A man with long black hair walking down a street in an Asian city.
A young man is looking and thinking at the same time.
A tattooed woman with a green dress and yellow backpack holding a water bottle is walking across the street.
A man and a woman having a conversation and both are wearing hats.
A man with a blue jacket and glasses is sitting on a stool.
A group of people standing outside of a building.
A man and a woman standing near a desk while another woman sits at the desk looking through a microscope.
Seven teenagers walking through a pasture.
A photographer in blue shirt smoking in the middle of a street.
An attractive woman walking on a street in a yellow shirt.
A man with a cigarette is listening to another man in dress clothes holding a can.
A group of ladies smiling for a picture.
A woman wearing a heart-shaped necklace and a blue shirt is next to a fence.
A woman in the shadows with a redhead rag around her neck.
A group of youth pass some vehicles and a graffiti adorned wall as they make their way through town.
Several people are crossing the street at a crosswalk.
A young asian woman walks past a blue wall that says "Post No Bills."
A taxi cab with a lot of people around the street.
Two attractive women stroll down a crowded brick street at night.
A woman pushing a baby carriage strolls by a large advertisement.
One tag dog biting another tan dog while laying on a bed.
The woman wearing a hijab is driving a scooter.
A street vendor cooks under a single light bulb at night.
A blond woman in brown is selling shrimp.
An old man sitting on a bus holding a briefcase.
A school crossing guard to help the children.
A man having some fun in Harlem during one of the celebration holidays of Halloween.
A man stretches while holding onto a metal fence.
A woman with a white shirt and jeans is riding a motorized scooter.
A man is dressed in a turban and a blue and brown robe.
A person in a red full body costume is riding a motorcycle.
A group of four people on three scooters stopped.
A young child in a yellow jacket, pink boots and a scarf walks away through an icy winter puddle, accompanied by her dog.
A dog is walking near a body of water.
A man wearing a black suit is playing a brown guitar.
Three men eat lunch on a park bench.
A boy and a baby napping on the grass in the sun.
A Mexican man rides on a cart pulled by a donkey.
A musician in a colorful shirt appears to perform a solo on a slide guitar at an crowded outdoor musical event.
A man sings and plays guitar on stage.
A group of dogs tied up to a pole on a hot summer day.
A street vendor sitting on a sidewalk with eggs and live chickens.
A man looks out of a building window while standing under a puerto Rican flag.
A woman is weighing something while a man is sitting down.
Two men wearing backpacks are walking on opposite sides of the street.
A man putting his dishes away.
A person with a blue hat and pants is lying down with their head on a piece of luggage.
A dirty man takes a nap on a public bench.
Men sitting on the side of a brick road.
Mom takes a ride through the park with kid in tow.
A woman in a high mountain range is pouring drink from one cup to another.
An Asian woman walking along a lighted city street at night while talking on her cellphone.
A young woman in black pants is standing beside her bike and taking a photograph.
A girl in a black shirt with blue jeans has a silver necklace.
A woman in a green sweater staring into the water from a bridge.
A woman, carrying a pink bag and white umbrella, walks down a subway.
A man sits between an orange cane and an orange flower pot with his head bowed.
Two older gentlemen play a game of checkers.
A group of elderly people playing a game of checkers, in a very poor area.
A long-haired woman is singing into a microphone.
A man in a beret and leather jacket writing in a small notebook.
Two little girls, playing together in the sand.
A little girl in a pink skirt sitting next to a boy.
A singer in a black shirt is playing in a band.
The woman wearing the scarf is quietly waiting for the train.
A girl wearing a bike helmet and glasses takes a picture of some plants.
A man crouches over his plants with various plants and dirt in the background.
Two men shaving their heads bald.
Three people, two women and one man, crowd around a grill outside.
Two asian men utilizing their woodworking skills.
A man who is wearing a green shirt and brown pants, appears to be very exciting, jumping in the air with his hands raised.
A little girl hangs from the back of a basketball hoop.
A man in a red shirt and a man in a blue jacket discussing and pointing to a spot on a small potted tree.
A poor black man holds a religious sign while standing outside of a food stand.
Asian girl playing Jenga fearing that the pieces will fall over.
Three people are walking by a wall which has a painting of a doctor checking a heart on a "I heart NY" poster.
A boy in a yellow shirt is running in a race
Many people are viewing produce for sale.
A man with a purple bandanna is clad in police riot gear, including a helmet and a vest marked "Police".
A black man in a brown shirt and hat speaks into a microphone.
An African-American band is playing outdoors on a stage surrounded by trees.
A statue of a woman with long hair
Three men are playing the drums and guitar on stage.
A band on performing on an outdoor stage.
Police in riot gear fill a street lined with spectators in red clothing.
Two old women sitting on curb next to flowers
A group of women are standing in a market while some of them are carrying baskets of vegetables.
Woman in green and white striped cap stands near graffiti.
A man in a rust-colored hat and brown shirt, talking into a microphone.
A man repels down a cliff over water.
A woman with a blue plaid shirt and a bandanna makes bread.
A band that is playing outside for a benefit in New York.
A man plays guitar in front of a large sign, with another man playing drums behind him.
Two guitarists converse on stage.
A young woman in a dark tank top and orange sunglasses plays the drums.
A policeman watches while many people participate in a marathon.
Three men and a woman have laptops and are standing in front of a projection screen appearing to be conversing.
Two girls read from a book together.
A man with a machete chopping big blocks of ice.
Ballerina performing as a girl rat in an open park.
A live theater show with five actors on stage doing a choreographed routine.
A large group of individuals are gathered around a bright light at night.
Two young women with brown hair are sitting on a curb.
A man in a bandanna is facing girls in blue shirts.
A man is sitting in a tricycle with a sign in the back that reads "Your ad here!"
A woman and two little girls playing with hula hoops.
Two children are wearing orange vest and blue pants, while one takes a picture with a red camera.
Four girls are playing jump rope in orange jackets.
A cute curly headed little girl sitting on a man's shoulders.
A woman in a pink shirt is making orange juice in a restaurant.
A street in a city with cars and buildings.
Two little girls wearing pink dresses and sandals
Asian bride and groom leaving a church with crowd throwing confetti on them.
A waiting lounge with passengers waiting around on blue seating.
Three people wearing a striped, pink, and green shirt look on and converse with others
Two children are using concrete blocks to walk across water.
Three people walk across a stone bridge on a lake while a dog swims.
Two people are sitting near a tree and relaxing.
Two elderly ladies sharing lunch on a bench.
The two grandma is talking to each other.
Two city workers dressed is orange is cleaning up a burning mess on a city street and curb.
A man in dark clothing walking in a transit station.
People stand outside the entrance to the Fulton St Station subway.
Woman sitting in the shade with a fabric fan.
A woman dressed as a belly dancer walks behind three people sitting on steps.
Children play together in a recent flood.
Several young people walk across the water on a series of stepping stones.
A man and a child are walking across some water using stones.
Two children step across the top of stones that cut a path across the shallow river.
A worker with a hard hat working on a rig high off the ground.
A painting of a busy street by Oxford Circus Station.
A teenage girl wearing flannel jumps in a grassy field near a soccer field.
A man wearing a teal jacket and holding a pink umbrella walking next to a woman in a black coat walking a dog.
A group of four people congregate on a sidewalk.
A young man is playing foosball with a couple other people.
Men preparing a cannon in front of a castle.
A lady is standing up holing a lamp that is turned on.
A man holds his arm up to a light.
A man in a sweater is holding a lamp.
An Asian woman wearing a jacket and holding a piece of paper.
An older female is standing on the street posing in smoke.
Two men are talking while one is holding a chicken.
Two children wearing hats hang onto to bamboo trees.
Two hurdlers leaping a hurdle on a track.
A woman is dressed up trying to sell her wares as a young woman looks on.
A lady playing music on her harp.
A man in a blue shirt helping a man in a red shirt fix a trail bike
A woman and a girl examine a painting.
A woman holding a basket wearing a silver colored wig with novelty glasses.
A young girl wearing pink cleaning rocks in water with a toothbrush.
A bride a groom are getting their picture taken on a swing set while a young man drinking a soda and a boy in a green shirt with a bike are watching.
A couple stands on a dock by the water hugging.
A woman sitting on the step with dark hair putting her hand on her face.
A woman in a blue shirt gripping another woman's buttocks.
A boy rides a bicycle down the street wearing a large yellow lemon-shaped sign while a multitude of people wait in line on the sidewalk.
A boy rides his bike in a skate park.
An individual is launching his bicycle into the air.
Three people gather around a table for beverages.
A young girl weairng navy blue tights is participating in a long jump, while people watch her.
A dog follows another dog around the corner but looks back.
A woman standing in a dark doorway, waiting to be let into the building.
A man in a business suit has just crossed the street.
A worker with a white hard-hat is at the bottom landing of an exterior fire escape and is struggling to work with the edge of a large yellow sign.
Two young women are sitting in a tree.
A woman jumping as a man idly watches her in midair.
Two men with backpacks wait.
A group of coeds play football while drinking.
A group of middle-aged people ride a horse drawn carriage while dressed in historical costumes.
A woman is stopped at a crosswalk waiting on the clear signal to start walking.
Friends and family gathered outside Papa Johns.
A street musician is sitting on a street next to a didgeridoo and holding a blue egg-shaped object.
A woman in a tan coat pushing a baby stroller.
A man is sitting next to a statue of another man sitting, looking very similar to each other
A dog jumps in the air, catching a Frisbee in its mouth.
A young Asian girl petting an animal of some sort and the animal is laying down enjoying it.
A woman dances next to a stage during a music festival.
Two shirtless men on a building balcony point towards the sky and observe something interesting.
People carrying bags walking on a street with a parked motorcycle.
A group of older ladies standing on a street corner in an urban setting.
An Asian man prepares food on a counter next to a cat.
A woman in a red coat is crossing the street the street with a girl in red pants and a stroller.
Many people are walking along a sidewalk.
Several men are wearing red caps, one stands apart from the others and looks towards the camera.
Man in gray jacket sitting on bench reading a book
Two teenagers, one male and one female, wearing sport uniforms running after a ball.
A boy is looking at a boat filled with sand.
Two people are wearing flower costumes and walking down a street.
A woman in a costume wearing condoms in her hair.
A woman and two men walking on a set of outdoor stairs next to an advertisement.
A woman standing outside a store is trying to close her umbrella.
A woman standing in front of a large tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographer.
A news anchor is being filmed in a store.
A group of people are sleeping on a bus while a boy sends a text message.
A woman on her cellphone is walking in a park.
Young in blue jeans waiting for her blind date in the park.
A mounted policeman passes a biker.
A very wrinkled woman holding her glasses and walking down a city street.
A man in a yellow and blue track jacket asking a woman for help.
A girl is walking on a sidewalk with headphones in her ears.
He is eating roadside dish and enjoying it.
A girl in sunglasses walks by a red car.
A shirtless man is doing a jump with a skateboard.
A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree.
A woman with a camera walks along side a man.
A man in a black graphic t-shirt wearing a white towel across the bottom portion of his face.
Two women are walking together.
Three people are playing soccer, one wearing orange, two wearing blue of which one is in the midst of jumping in the air.
Woman in hat carousing on the street with shopping bag in tow.
A woman in a blue plaid shirt and sunglasses scratches her face as she walks down the street.
Two women walk down the street in the city linking arms.
A woman plays tug-of-war with her black dog in a brown landscape surrounded by trees.
A woman in sunglasses is holding an umbrella.
A lone woman in red shirt staring upwards with a man wearing glasses looking towards her, in the distance.
Little boy trying to chase a black crow.
A bald man standing to the side of a t-shirt display.
Two women in tank tops and sunglasses walk together.
Two young women walking, one tall, blond, model-like is in a zebra stripe outfit, the other shorter Asian in a white chemise.
A blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt.
A woman in yellow, and a woman in orange, both with handbags, look at the water in the background.
A woman sits on a park bench eating ice cream.
A young African woman is staring at a camera, in front of a bunch of clay pots.
Two young girls wearing sunglasses are sitting outside.
A black dog is in the grass with a woman in jeans.
A man in a red shirt throwing a dart.
An adult male and two children of Asian descent jump in the road.
A man is throwing the arrow.
An elderly man sitting at a table in an empty restaurant.
A hairdresser in a salon looking off through the salon.
Two men walking down a road in a tropical area with a tamed elephant.
A boy with a huge smile on hid face, in a flower field.
An old man with a bag of chips sits with a younger man holding a drink.
Someone is kicking a ball that is multicolored.
An athlete who's glasses are falling off his face is lying down in a sandpit.
Three children watching the men working outside from the window.
A woman in a plaid shirt near a city street with her thumb upward.
People walk down a sidewalk lined with pastel colored buildings.
Two moped enthusiasts, one of which is wearing a purse, have a conversation on the curb.
Little blond-hair boy in orange shirt playing with toys.
An adult man is throwing a child into the air at a beach while another child watches.
Man sitting along side the ocean holding a pipe.
A blond woman holds her drink up in a bar.
An old man plays an accordion on the sidewalk.
A group of tourists walking around the vatican courtyard.
One man plays an acoustic guitar, while another accompanies him on the accordion.
A man taking a picture of several people, including a man in a lime green suit.
Photographers taking pictures at a wedding.
A man is setting up or turning on lights.
A woman is holding her hand to the light as a man watches.
A female gymnast in a red and blue leotard does a back flip on the balance beam.
A gymnast is balancing on a balance beam.
An older man and women are using computers in a sort of storage room.
Someone with a bike is buying produce.
Two women are standing in the snow looking towards a tower with a orange cone shaped light.
A girl in pink plays the drums.
A man in his 30's is sitting on a curb of a busy sidewalk, dressed in a furry green costume.
Group of people, mature and young sitting beside the dirt road looking across the road.
Children gaze up at a bronze statue of a horse and soldier.
A man and woman is dancing.
Men are playing different musical instruments in a park.
Three people doing push ups.
Children are competing in a potato sack race at an outdoor social gathering.
A young Asian man sits behind a set chessboard waiting for the other player to arrive.
A group of seven women are standing in a body of water.
A man walking on a dirt road.
Two men climb a large rock.
Three people sit at their laptops inside a coffee shop.
A man in a black shirt is standing up making bubbles.
A group of older women sitting on a bench wearing the same hats.
Several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk
A man in a green hat dozes while riding the train.
People lining up and getting ready for Flag day in France.
A crowd of people waving their arms.
A woman is smiling at a baby in a stroller in a meadow.
A woman waving the Mexican flag.
A man wearing black is sitting by a lamp post smoking a cigarette.
A dog is being walked along a red brick street.
A woman who is walking and wearing a bright pink coat and short, tight black dress.
A woman is taking her child for a ride on her bicycle.
A group of people are running a race with a man dressed in a dragon costume.
Man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain.
A female dressed in a golden costume looks off into the distance.
A man is dressed in a purple and orange outfit for an event.
A woman in a purple shirt and pink had walking in a crowd of people.
An old man looking over a sculpture.
The man with the shaved head is hanging up his laundry on the line.
A woman with a drum smiling
Two young ladies in a band group with drumsticks.
A man is bending over with a stuffed animal between his legs.
A man is attaching colored sponges to his shirt and jeans.
A gymnast using a set of paralleled bars.
A man in a colorful outfit and hat is standing in a crowd.
People are watching a race on city streets.
A man in a pink shirt is spotted drinking a beer.
A woman lies down in the grass in a park.
A brunette woman with a lei on her head sticking her tongue out.
Two men and a woman outside an urban residential area.
A man in a plaid shirt is smoking a cigarette on a city street.
The lady is green is holding a binder.
A man in jeans with red shoes bicycles down a street past a brick building.
The man in the denim jacket looks across the street.
A mother and father take their similarly dressed family for a stroll in public area.
A blond woman wearing a red shirt and soccer hat smiles.
A man with a brown coat and blue headscarf is kneeling and tuning a guitar.
Pretty woman checking her cell messages while walking in a plaza.
Lady with gray hair using cellphone and carrying a shopping bag in front of a boutique.
A man in a suit coat walks next to a wall.
A man wearing a blue hat and a blue jacket standing on the sidewalk.
Five people are painting outside on the sidewalk using spray cans.
A man and woman are standing in front of an advertisement on a wall while she looks at it, he looks away.
A young blond-haired child tries to put a cellphone in his mouth.
A photo of a couple walking down the street with Chinese characters written on the signage.
A woman is rubbing paper onto a cookie sheet in a kitchen.
Two men are walking by a colorful shop as one admires something under the umbrella.
A man in a colorful costume with a trumpet.
An adult couple of an African country pose in a bare dirt field with a toy push car that holds a plastic water bottle.
Cooks are working in a kitchen.
Three people, all with gloves, are using a wheelbarrow to do yard work on a sunny day.
A man is walking past a large brick building that is painted with graffiti.
Police officers watch as bystanders enjoy a parade.
Three street performers, showing off their extraordinary instruments.
A little girl in a light pink hat and pink outfit is holding a ice cream cone after making a mess of ice cream on her face.
A large Amish family looking beyond on a pleasant, spring day
The dog is carrying a pink ball in its mouth.
A woman stands in the doorway of an old building.
A girl in a green shirt taking a careful look at an item.
A group of blond young women sit outside a Star Bucks.
A man wearing a red jacket walks on stilts in front of a group of people.
An old man holds up a sign.
A lady walking along a concrete pathway above the ocean.
A young girl in all pink clothing walking.
A woman sitting outside weaving a long piece of red, white, and blue cloth.
A woman in a field of flowers is blowing on them.
A man in white pants and white, pin striped shirt, and a woman with a short black and white dress are dancing on a tile dance floor.
A guy is running down the field holding a football while his teammate, an opponent, and referee run behind him.
Two children asleep in the back of a car
Some Japanese people enjoy a fireworks shows from a local street.
A couple of Asian people standing outside near a "smoking area" sign.
A female in a nice sweater hand making something creative.
An older man in a plaid shirt sews on a Singer sewing machine.
At a supermarket, people are buying their groceries.
Two woman are sitting at a table in a cafeteria with blue, green and yellow chairs.
A man wearing sunglasses has green writing on his arm.
A Old man washing the windows of city lights books.
A man pulls two women down a city street in a rickshaw.
An elderly woman wearing a flower shirt patiently waits for the train to stop.
A Japanese man in a blue hat sits with his banjo.
Two Asian women wear sandals, long silk robes and hold umbrellas.
A group of people are performing a photo shoot.
Two older men using tongs to grab food from a breakfast buffet.
A balding man walks on a path shaded by trees.
A woman in fuchsia shorts and a bra top is leaping in the air.
Two black men watch a basketball game on TV.
A little boy sits on his father's shoulders with balloons wearing a red sweatsuit.
A woman is holding her child during a party.
Two friends hold onto each other smiling while enjoying a musical festival.
Two guys in street cloths doing some marshal arts.
A counter in a restaurant featuring Maruga's tomato pies and the back of a Coca-Cola soda fountain.
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
A man in pink button shirt raises his arms in front of the crowd.
Large dog rolling on its back in green grass.
A couple is eating outside at a table and he is pointing at something.
A man stands at the counter of a street vendor in a city.
Two men in blue shirts stand in a tent area.
A man in a white jacket takes a picture.
A boy and a girl are petting a cow through a fence.
A man stands in a stream surrounded by rocks.
A man with black clothing is sweeping steps with a broom.
Two females are eating ice cream cones.
A man with sunglasses and a large hat with feathers is posing for a picture.
Four girls are in a ballet.
Top-down view of a man sitting on a bench inside with a standing man facing him.
A woman in yellow is walking outside of a building.
Man in red ball cap grills fish on barbecue.
A girl in striped swimsuit is jumping into the ocean.
A young man is sweeping the sidewalk with a red handled broom.
A street fruit vendor waiting for customers.
A ballerina in a black leotard leaps through the air.
Six women all wearing red, standing on stage.
A smiling older man with a white beard and an older woman look out a laundry laden window.
A person holding a cane sleeps on a bench outside.
People shopping at an outside food and clothing market.
Two small dogs run through the grass.
A young man and young lady embracing under a covered walkway.
A boy looking through some boards at somebody outside.
Asian male on a bike carrying roles of carpet and another guy.
A photo shoot with a woman on the street wearing a red and white dress and black boots.
Two little boys walk towards a bike in front of a yellow wall.
A little girl is riding on a brown pony at the farm.
A man extends his arms in front of a large rock formation.
Two women shop at an Asian convenience store.
A family is enjoying drinks on the deck with their little boy.
A woman pouring a cup of tea.
A man wearing a blue shirt is talking to two men wearing orange and yellow work vest.
A dark-haired man smoking a cigarette outside.
A woman in a tan outfit is preparing food.
A blond woman wearing a dark blue tank top is holding a camera.
A man is overlooking a interior decorator work on his home.
A tattooed man lands a body punch in a boxing match.
A man in a blue shirt follows another man carrying a blue and black bag.
Two women sharing cotton candy on a busy stone street corner.
A large group of people gather outside a very busy street.
Four young girls posing for a picture.
A male and female are standing together as the female has a piece of media equipment in her hand.
A man and woman boxing in a park.
A group of people are standing on the beach while other group of people are in the water.
A couple is walking past cherry blossom trees.
Three women wearing black skirts face a grove of trees with purple flowers.
The man in the yellow shirt is playing music on the sidewalk.
A child with a orange backpack is carrying a green bird house.
Man in jeans, button up shirt, and wearing glasses reading a book.
A male youth in black clothing carries a backpack with a protest sign in it.
A woman in a white dress is walking through the beach on a beautiful day.
A middle-aged man in a white robe is speaking into a microphone.
A girl in white boots holding an umbrella.
A woman wearing glasses holds a camera to her face.
Man in a bench watching another man sleeping.
Three men are sitting and one is standing and talking with each other.
Two men sitting next to each other are looking in different directions.
A man and a woman stand together hold and young boy and a baby.
A man holding a baby with a child on his back.
A person in a crowd taking a picture of people on a stage.
A bicyclist in blue parked inside of an all wood building.
A group of women in big hats stand at a table.
A woman with orange hair sitting behind a table with Tye-dyed t-shirts on them.
A group of trendy young people are standing outside.
Brunette girl gives puzzled look while carrying a purse.
Two females, one in a pink top the other in white, walking down a street
Protesting youth relax in metro park, observed by armed police.
Two women wearing jackets and jeans are walking through a park, apparently talking.
A woman in a red top dropping Mardi Gras beads from her bedroom window.
A young woman wearing jeans and a red tank top is sitting on a porch with a young man wearing a necklace and shorts.
A group of young girls walking down a street.
Crowds of people are walking in the street and with confetti falling on them.
Teenage girl volunteering to help with some dirty work.
A crowd of people fill the street in front of a McDonald's.
A woman with long blond-hair in a white tank top holds her arm up.
A man in a black shirt is walking down the street offering a glass of wine to a woman.
People standing at the starting line of a race.
A large group of people, some holding red signs, near a bunch of buildings.
Two people dressed in gorilla suits walking down a sidewalk.
Three men having a good time while using the famous water bike.
A man and woman sitting near the street.
Two people in sunglasses talk while sitting in front of a large expanse of grass.
There are people gathered outside holding flags.
A large group of people are assembled in a large city.
Father and son wear matching cowboy outfits are watching a rodeo.
A man is kicked off a bull as a rodeo clown runs up.
A large crowd of hundreds of people gather in the streets.
A red tent in front of a brick building is serving passersby on the brick road.
A little curly hair girl drinking from a big cup.
Two women are kissing on a bike.
A young girl in red is on a bungie jump ride.
Men work on the paint of a side of an old building.
Two women looking off a bridge at something.
A man and a woman stand facing each other outside in front of an urn taller than them.
A mattress leaning on a telephone pole.
Woman in nice clothes does not have an umbrella.
A man in a plaid suit coat gestures with his hand.
A man and his dog walking through a crowded street on a rainy day.
People walking the streets with umbrellas.
There is chinese young man and young lady standing in front of a white table with plants on them.
A foreign market with a woman in front.
Several people are standing on a street corner.
A woman and a man getting closer.
A man with dreadlocks and a beard is talking on his cellphone.
Passersby holding umbrellas shop for vegetables at a street market.
A woman with a purple umbrella is staring in the distance.
The young girl came prepared for rain.
A man in a yellow coat, red tie, and clown nose is talking with another man on the street.
A student observes cells under a microscope.
A group of children gather together on the beach and talk about what they see.
A man plays a trumpet in front of a crowd of people
A woman standing on grass, is holding jackets and a dress.
People running in a race, two of them are wearing brightly colored Indian headdresses.
People in a tent serving and selecting food and drinks.
A punk band is playing on stage.
A couple of homeless people rummage through a bag containing items that make them laugh.
A clown is making the crowd enjoy.
An older woman in a blue coat is about to try a sample of a red liquid.
Two children, one of them is playing a trumpet for tips
The lady holding a white hat is walking on brick sidewalk with her two friends.
A little girl is sweeping outdoors.
A white man and woman are talking, while a black man watches them.
A young girl is reading a book amidst a large mess of clothes.
A man and a woman standing against a white wall taking a picture with shadows against the wall.
An elderly woman looks at a bag of fruit while others look on.
A man is holding up a sign that reads "Jobs with Justice".
A couple is carrying shopping bags outside.
A woman with brown bag attaches a pink and yellow bouquet to her bike.
Girl on a bicycle going down a street.
A woman with a white head cover rides a bike on the sidewalk in a city.
A couple who both wear glasses are walking and holding hands.
A man and woman are having lunch while a woman in red is using her cellphone.
Two woman with umbrellas standing on a train platform.
A female in a blue jacket eating while sitting on grass.
A set of actors and actresses perform a show.
A man in a tan jacket and blue jeans is riding a bicycle.
A man is pushing a shopping cart full of groceries.
An Asian man in an orange jacket carries a high stack of boxes.
An old lady and her granddaughter working in a convenience store.
Two slender black men sit at the side of the walkway, with wares to sell.
A man in a green sweatshirt running.
A person in a red hat, tie-dye purple shirt and black pants stands on a walkway.
A barefoot man sitting on a ledge by a sidewalk.
Several people are sitting on a wall covered in graffiti.
A lively city street at night.
A young lady wearing a winter jacket and getting ready to snap a photo.
A high school band all decked out for spirit week.
A bearded man wearing a painter's cap is playing the xylophone on the side of a busy walkway.
A male with a hat is out advertising a tattoo shop.
Two men are about to get off a train.
An Asian man is performing with face paint on.
The asian man is getting his picture taken with a motorcycle by another man.
People hanging out on the railings bordering a street.
Three little blond boys huddle together at the base of a tree near some old machinery.
Two guards are sitting near an entrance.
A woman dressed in white walking past a building that has a poster on display.
A woman named Victoria Leak sits behind her desk in her office.
A woman and two others are sitting nearby a decorative water fountain.
A woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off.
A man sitting next to a motorcycle on the side of a street.
A line of motorbikes in front of a store.
A woman in a jacket and pearls at a book signing.
At least twelve guys building a building, some are helping each other out.
A woman smiles, holding a book in front of a crowd looking at her, in a library
A boy looking into the camera and a house being built in the background.
A woman wearing yellow is outside under a hut that has not yet been completely built.
Workmen under a freeway manipulating a metal cover on roadwork.
A man wearing blue jeans and a white t-shirt playing a saxophone
Men holding a conversation near a beach.
A young boy is standing on a street with a pouch around his neck.
A black woman is walking to work.
A man in a brown collared shirt stares off into the distance at a park.
A man is launching a spear with an atyl-atyl.
A group of people are at an amusement park.
A man photographing a large concrete wall.
A young man is holding a microphone with colorful light around him.
A gentleman wearing a green jacket looking at a tagged wall.
Two skiers stand on the side of a snowy hillside.
Man riding on a surfboard riding on a wave.
A man stretching his torso in an outdoor exercise facility.
Two women in hats walk down the street.
A woman and a girl are sitting under a tree.
Student spend their breaks outside enjoying each others company.
A little girl in a blue flower dress and black boots walking on the sidewalk.
Six people stand at the railing at the El Tambor.
A man carrying a shopping bag is holding his hand to his head and looking upward.
A man reads a newspaper near a street busy with pedestrians.
A young man in a blue t-shirt walks past an alley while talking on his cellphone.
A man and a woman walking hand in hand past a sports poster.
Two people stroll in front of a Vietnamese restaurant that has graffiti painted on it.
A red streetcar is on the street.
A line of saddled horses walks down the street past a car that has its hood and trunk open.
A man riding a horse and leading other horses through beautiful scenery.
Two boots are on two skis moving very fast.
A man selling flowers, cigarettes, and candy walking down the street.
A man is standing by two vehicles with three inflatable american flag designed bats leaned against him in a triangle shape.
A man and woman standing at a mountain overlook.
A blond woman wearing a blue shirt is walking down the street while holding her cellphone.
This woman and man are having a conversation.
Two mannequins are in the window of a closed shop.
Good looking blond girl making a very ugly face.
A man in black wearing shorts and sunglasses jumps from one rock to another.
A line waiting to get into a movie
A little boy is taking a picture with a digital camera.
A girl in a black jacket talking on a cellphone.
A man and a woman on stage with a mime.
A man is selling decals on the street.
There are 3 guys walking down the sidewalk the one who is in front is juggling.
A vendor is walking down the street selling cotton candy.
A man leans against a pay phone while reading a paper.
Woman and man with cane climb stairs from underground station.
A woman in a pink and yellow dress walks past a stack of tires and a yellow nd gray striped building.
Students in a class are taking an exam.
Women dressed in a yellow coat with a male with backpack on his back huddling very closely.
A family is dining and watching television.
A young girl in a pink shirt, blue jeans, and sneakers talking into an object at a park.
A little girl with bright pink pants playfully sticks her face in a contraption on a playground.
Two men with painted faces looking like clowns one singing and the other play an tiny guitar.
People in mainly business attire hurry along a city sidewalk.
A small group of people stand in front of store talking holding a "Prayer Booth" purple sign.
A group of people riding on a crowded bus.
A girl wearing a button down shirt with blond and pink hair is walking.
A gentleman in jeans and a black sweatshirt is excitedly speaking on a cellphone.
A man interacting with his daughter at a shopping center.
A guy in a black leather jacket pointing a flashlight at himself.
A man with crazy eyes in a fedora has his guitar looked at.
A lone hiker walking on dirt with a snowy mountain background.
A lot of furniture stacked on top of each other.
A woman in a long dress is hanging clothes on a clothesline.
A man in a jacket is raising his arm surrounded by people who are bent or squatting.
Tri-level building with people standing on each level's balcony as people look on from below.
Man in a long-sleeved black shirt, appears to be engaged in dance, in front of a blue sign that entails information about specific locations.
A bride and man in a tuxedo on stairs.
Several women in white t-shirt wearing hot pink short wigs standing outside in a city.
A girl laying down in a sauna with just a towel on looks relaxed.
A child sleeping with a teddy bear and a blanket.
A police office is using a bicycle to complete her duties.
Two men, one young, and one middle-aged, work on a small computer with a screwdriver.
A man pulls a coach with two Geishas on board.
An overweight man in a blue and black hooded sweatshirt works on a laptop computer outdoors.
A young woman, wearing a Carnegie Mellon sweatshirt, listens to her headphones.
A man wearing a blue shirt operates a cash machine in a room with a picture of Fidel Castro hanging on the wall.
Three younger women sit outside and have a chat.
A woman works at a bar in front of a neon sign.
A woman is standing on a street corner.
This is beautiful evening with the river and the setting sun.
A man in a leather jacket and hat looking off into the distance.
Four people's silhouette carrying an object up a hill.
The man in white is talking to the women by the bench.
A bearded young man wearing a t-shirt and jeans is reading a book at an outdoor cafe
Two men play their instruments while a third sings.
A man wearing a hat with his face lit up stands in the middle of a circle of people.
An elderly woman is speaking on a microphone.
Firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder.
Two fireman having a laugh
A fire escape on the side of a building dominates an urban scene of an alley.
A man standing alone in a park.
There is a man standing in the doorway and in front of a tree.
Riot police stand in front of a mob including a man in a batman costume.
A group of people gathered together at night outside a brick building.
A gathering of people on the street at night.
A crowd looks up at two people standing on two balconies of a building.
A woman making a sandwich in a shop.
Two men and a woman are standing in front of a theater.
A paramedic looks on at a firetruck.
A group of musicians performs in front of a small audience in an odd building.
Two women eat out at a restaurant
There are people standing on various apartment balconies interacting with each other and people on the street.
A man reading a menu at a restaurant.
A black-haired woman behind a podium is giving a speech to a large crowd.
A man is standing with a group of donkeys on a farm.
A man wearing striped black and white shirt is walking across the road, along others.
A man and a woman with bikes at a park.
A man with long red-hair, a brown shirt and plaid pants sells fruit in a market.
A man at a vegetable market pointing at something.
Three young women are leaning on a railing over a walkway.
A child opening a birthday card at a party.
The customer held the bag while examining oranges while other market goers examined produce at other tables.
A man with his shirt pulled over his head is standing on a pole.
A woman in a pink shirt is taking a photo of a fish in a large aquarium.
Two young Asian women buy food from a Japanese food establishment.
A woman in a red shirt and some jeans looks like she is arguing with a man in red and a great satchel.
A man in a white shirt Is sitting and listening to music.
A man in a collared shirt talking to another man in sunglasses.
A woman is standing in front of an amusement park ride.
Selena Gomez is wearing a cream tank top looking at the town after she got off the plane.
Two women in saris work together in a village.
A group of people in folding chairs and wheelchairs sit outside in the sun.
An old man wearing a blue shirt sitting in a wheelchair by his oxygen tank.
A crowd of people, a few with signs, walk down a broad path in a city park.
A woman dressed in dark colors pushing someone in a wheelchair.
A girl in a red shirt and torn jeans runs her fingers through her blond-hair as she looks ahead of her.
A lot of people gather together to get some free advice, and information.
A group of people listening to a man speak from a booth labeled "Teva Neuroscience".
A woman and a man sitting outside.
A young lady wearing a white dress with a flower in her hair smiling at the camera.
A brunette woman wearing a tan jacket reaching into her purse.
Three children wearing white and black ballerina dancing in a gym.
Cheerleaders and athletes pose with mascot for a photo.
Two Asian females are posing for a picture while a man appears to be carrying their bags.
Two older gentlemen wearing black shorts, walking on the beach.
A large group of elderly people are sitting around various outdoor tables.
A gray-haired woman sitting on a red bench holding a cane.
A blond woman with short hair giving a haircut on a Thursday night.
Man sitting on ledge reading the paper.
Four women with their bags slung over their shoulders, walking down the street.
A young man is at a store selling sausages and wine.
A man in a black jacket is standing between two trees holding up a sign.
A man wearing white shorts is riding a watercraft vehicle.
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
Group of young people playing the drums while a crowd watches.
The woman and little girl are sitting in the brown leather chair.
Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car.
Male and female are jumping and grabbing at each other in public place.
A man in a polar bear suit is standing with a sign in protest.
A man wearing a ball cap talks to a lady with her hands folded across her chest.
Girl in a bright red shirt listens to earbuds.
A man in an orange shirt is selling bratwurst for one euro to an old man in a blue shirt.
A man in renaissance clothing is sitting on a brick wall.
A woman and her saint bernard dog sitting on a bench in the park on a sunny day
People walking up and down busy city street.
A man wearing sunglasses, jeans, and a black leather jacket is jumping in the air with his arms and legs spread apart.
A woman washing her minivan at a self-service car wash
A man in a costume gazes up into the sky while he is around horses.
Orange and white hazard cones are resting on street tiles.
A woman with a black jacket and black purse walking downing the sidewalk while looking at her cellphone.
Two women in kimonos standing together smile.
People dressed in traditional Japanese garb walk in a procession through a courtyard paved with paving stones.
A boy is sitting by the water trying to feed a swan.
A boy in a yellow soccer uniform is standing on the soccer field.
Three adults and three children are standing or crouching around a child's purple bike.
The lady in the yellow jacket and wearing a blue hat seems to be looking at something.
A motorist passing by and a group of people sitting on a bench.
Two Japanese women in traditional garb walk through a crowded square, one with bags and one with a cane.
The lady is wearing some kind of shoe is walking.
Two women in tight jeans walk down a city street, one carrying a shopping bag.
A lady is playing the guitar and singing into a microphone.
White man in a black suit is crossing a busy street.
A film set with two people sitting at a table.
A cyclist appears to be doing repairs to a bicycle that is turned upside down on the sidewalk.
2 men holding a sign in front of a metal fence.
A person sits on a hill with trees in the foreground and paints a serene image of a lake.
Waiting for the subway after a long day of work.
A circle of men in black are holding feathered hats and standing behind a red sign.
Two women talking in front of an old structure.
A woman wearing purple and carrying a bag is walking out of a door.
Gymnast dressed in red and black posing with onlookers in the background.
This is a street scene with a lot of cars and people walking around in different directions.
A man is playing a xylophone.
Two men holding shovels are standing around dirt and trees.
Man in red shirt and black pants on beach.
Two men are letting their dogs play together in the street.
An older man, looking at a newspaper while crossing a street.
A middle-age walking man wearing glasses and gray suit is covering his mouth with cars running in the background.
Man walking along side of a black iron fence.
A boy is enjoying eating pizza in a plate.
A man in a backwards hat is standing in a Best Buy store.
An Asian man in traditional clothing sounds a large horn in a pleasant mountain landscape.
A man in a yellow shirt re-shingles a roof.
A woman dressed in a white shirt, short shorts, and a fedora, walks away from the camera.
The sun sets as a man rides his bicycle.
A man in a gold dashiki sits while another man inspects his shoe.
Here is a young man skateboarding up the side of a skate pit.
Two sunbathers in skimpy blue bathing suits lie on the graffiti covered pavement.
A young guy jumping into the water.
A man carrying a sack along a body of water.
The surfer is riding a wave back towards the beach.
A black man is talking on his cellphone and is holding a vintage camera.
Two pairs of ballet dancers perform outdoors.
A woman holding red flowers stands at the entrance of a building.
Women dressed in exotic clothes, standing on the street.
Two women, one in red and the other in white, are out on a jog.
A group of people are waiting in a subway.
A man in black business attire is crossing the street.
A man in a large crowd converses with his friends.
A statue and trees in a plaza in front of a building with people walking past.
Two women are walking down the street holding umbrellas.
People walking through lobby with patches of daylight and shadow reflections.
A crowd walking by with several onlookers watching a street performer.
Four people are jumping on a sand dune on a sunny day.
A woman stops to look at some wedding gowns.
A man in brown is pushing a dumpster down a sidewalk.
Runner leaving the starting blocks of a race.
A man jogging on a nice park jogging path, surrounded by spring foliage and trees.
A woman carrying a large bag on her head while walking down the street.
An escape artist wearing Converse high tops struggles on one foot as a crowd looks on.
An Asian woman stands along a road where 2 buses have passed holding her bags.
A New York Mets player is walking on a green field.
A young woman is sitting on the sidewalk sketching a building
A man in neon green clothing pushes a green cart down the street.
Two children holding up peace signs and smiling.
A large dog is playing with a small dog in the dirt.
A woman walks down a city street at night.
A brown-haired woman sleeping on a couch with her head on a stack of pillows.
Some professional baseball players are warming up.
A young man white a white, button-up shirt, rides a blue bike.
A man wearing a brown colored jacket is talking to a woman wearing a black skirt.
A monk in his red robe holds an umbrella outside of a temple.
The children in blue are singing for a group of people.
A woman wearing an apron is standing outside of a store talking to a cyclist.
Young girls performing some kind of dance.
A young woman wearing jeans and a gray sweater walks across an empty street.
A woman in a city is looking behind her.
A man in black pants and a green polo shirt is picking up trash around his man made lake.
People going about their day in big city.
A man bows in prayer over a very ornate coffin in a cathedral.
Young barefoot woman laughs in hammock.
Many shirtless men, wearing black hoods over their entire faces, walk barefooted in a long single file row.
A man sits in front of a store in the shade.
A brown dog jumping in a stoney brook.
Two kids are swinging on a swing while standing.
A woman is walking down a sidewalk lined by cherry trees in bloom.
A pet store employee shows a shirtless customer the different types of fish available.
A man posing with a "November can't come soon enough" poster.
A smiling man holds a sign depicting a rainbow-colored elephant.
Protesters with political signs gather around a musical event.
A woman wearing a black garment is holding a pen.
A man dressed as a fireman sitting down.
A band is in a recording studio waiting to start playing.
A group of kids are coloring on coloring sheets with crayons while seated a table.
A woman sits reading at a laundromat.
Two men are crouched to the floor and look at 4 dogs play inside a cage.
A protester wearing a USA shirt holds a sign during a protest.
A crew is filming a scene for a movie or TV show on a street.
A man with a bunch of metal objects stuck to him.
A boy uses a plastic baseball bat to practice hitting a ball from a batting tee.
A middle-age man posing with a crab
One woman sits on a outcropping of rock while one takes a picture and the third looks down.
A damaged car is parked across from people in a gray car.
A cake with five regular candles and one tall, spark shooting candle is on a table in front of two men.
A group of people walking on the sidewalk, while one man is looking for something.
A male wearing yellow pants catches air as he snowboards down an empty mountain.
A man is sitting next to a woman who is standing.
Shier in the air after a small jump in his run on the slope.
A little girl is enjoying a diet Coca Cola in a garden.
A woman standing in front of a building as others go about their day.
Old man using an improvised broken wheel barrel to transport his tools for work.
A male dressed in a blue and red outfit is jumping over a small wave.
Three older men are in a computer shop.
Asian tourists stop in front of a large tree admiring it's roots.
The crew cleaned the ice and snow off the steps.
Two older people in brown coats are standing outside talking to one another.
Old man crafting something in his workshop.
A view of buildings and people walking across the streets in Times Square, New York City.
A young toddler smiling at the camera while standing in the garden.
A young lady posing in full pride for a spot that she is proud of.
A large modern theater is illuminated at night.
A male soccer player attempting to head the ball past the goalkeeper to score a goal.
A young child is wearing a blue striped shirt.
A gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move several feet above the parallel bars.
An early morning rush hour in the middle of the city.
An Asian man wearing jeans and a blue button up shirt with a white collar lays on a park bench holding a light colored jacket.
Man just fell off of his bicycle
A woman, wearing a gray coat, places clothing into a washing machine at a laundromat.
Tourist wife upset with husband who can't makeup his mind.
Outdoors, three women walk towards the camera as one of them pushes a baby carriage.
Man on a dusty boat holding a fishing rod.
People sitting at tables with turquoise and white umbrellas overlooking the ocean and beach.
A man in an orange shirt walking on a path.
Four musicians playing music in a group on the sidewalk.
A woman wearing jeans is walking down the street.
An artist in an gray t-shirt is carving on his white serpentine shaped sculpture.
A group of people are gathered in the street.
A blond girl walking and talking on a cellphone while clutching a pink wallet.
Man in white shirt sitting down practicing a musical instrument.
A black man is sitting in his chair staring off into the distance.
A girl fixes her earring on the side of a busy, wide sidewalk.
Several men sit at a wooden table on the right side of the street.
Three men are painting a metal wall white.
A man points to a projected image of a Firefox page at a conference.
A woman in all black going into a subway during nighttime.
A man wearing a tan jacket walks into Le Mignon in the afternoon.
A man walking through a crowd on a city street.
An older bold man with a beard in the bright shirt is sitting and smoking on the street.
A boy in a blue shirt is blindfolded and holding a stick.
A woman in a turquoise and brown plaid jacket standing on a street.
Woman in tan jacket standing outside and looking up.
An elderly couple is walking down the block during the evening hour.
A black man wearing a down jacket with his arms spread and holding a pink comb.
A man sitting on the floor next to a broom an bucket.
Three people stand outside a vending stand.
A person in a large black hat is eating a bowl of noodles with chopsticks.
Group of people around a round table stacking playing cards.
Two ladies with blond-hair in jackets walking in front of a large building.
A blond woman is carrying a tray with four small white cups.
A woman wearing a long black leather coat and knee high black boots, with a big floral print diaper bag, buying a newspaper.
Two kids with bear customs are seating on the sidewalk.
A young woman engages in conversation on her cellphone while seated on cement steps.
A woman looking at a cellphone while standing on a sidewalk.
On a street corner, a man stands near a pile of trash sorted for recycling.
A man with a red beard pushes a cart along a sidewalk.
A man in raincoat stands in a dry dock next to a ship.
A man standing on a bridge under a crane.
A young boy jumping on a trampoline outside of a house.
Several people stand around in groups behind a table with bananas.
A man in a white shirt is reading the newspaper next to a man wearing dark sunglasses.
Two young males working in a garden.
People in room appear to be working on a project but at the moment eat and drink.
A black dog chases a ball in the grass.
A girl rides her bike in a crosswalk at an intersection.
A young boy leans against a post with a striped flag.
Approximate 5 year old boy, all in black, walking on rippled beach.
A bull terrier terrorizes an old tire in the sand.
A little girl wearing a white jacket sits down on the sidewalk.
Three women are walking down a street.
A girl dancing in the middle of a group of people in the park.
All of these people are waiting to cross the street.
An electrician is observed from a birds eye view working on a transformer box.
A man in a red sweater waits at a street food stand.
A city street with a pothole in the middle of it.
A lost dog trying to find some food in a pizza restaurant.
Two men with hard hats are at a work site.
Two men climb a set of stairs.
A woman exits a metro station while listening to music.
A man in an orange shirt looking at his cellphone.
A man in white on the phone and a man in black sitting back to back in white chairs.
A young woman in jeans walks down a city street.
A blond woman stands alone in a city alleyway.
A businessman walking down a city street.
A Chinese looking woman with holes in her jeans is talking on a cellphone.
A man and a woman are standing by a parking lot talking on cellphones.
An African man peering out of a New York subway train at the Wall Street station.
Kids building sand castles on the beach.
A man in a plaid red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water.
A couple of females are talking to each other while one is flicking her cigarette.
A line is beginning to form at The Cheap Tab Shop.
A man sits on a bench with a white dog nearby.
A woman is posing in front of a hilly landscape while holding a tree.
Three women standing outside a building talking to a man.
A girl splashes water into a pickup truck driving past.
A baseball catcher stands ready to catch a throw, while his team looks on.
A baseball player is running to a base, while his teammate is sliding to a base in the background.
A blond man in a brown leather jacket is listening to music.
A man and a woman sit on a picnic blanket on a field a green grass.
There's a man in glasses and a lab coat.
Two women walk on the street hand in hand at night.
A young man skateboarding over a ramp behind a chain link fence with two friends.
People swing on a swing set in a park outside several apartment buildings.
A man with a camera staring at a statue.
A woman in a red jacket is having a drink on the hood of a car.
A little girl who is smiling is being lifted up by an adult.
Only a few people are enjoying the day at the beach near the yellow bulldozer.
Four females and a male play Chinese checkers in someone's home.
Pitcher in a baseball game wearing a white 34 uniform getting ready to throw the ball.
Two people and a baby walking through a river.
A man in a hat is standing behind a street display of sunglasses.
Three boys hold inflated bicycle tire rings on a dusty trail.
Fishermen cast nets from dugout canoes into the water.
A man in all blue clothing canoeing alone.
A surfer walks along the beach as he looks out onto the water.
Road worker watches for an incoming cement truck.
A group of kids playing in a water fountain area in their swimwear.
A student is getting some help on her homework.
This image is taken outside and has a young girl watching with sheer joy as her daddy is whistling to her.
A man gives a little girls a kiss.
Three kids smiling in front of an ad for a camera.
Someone with an orange jacket walking with a bike points to a building.
Two women are standing outside looking at something with funny expressions on their faces while the other people around them don't seem to notice.
A yellow train is on the tracks.
Two men on bikes are passing a series of buildings that specialize in medical services.
A group of men playing and singing music while a crowd watches.
A large dog jumping over a fallen tree in the forest.
A man plays guitar while another man takes photographs.
A man in a gray shirt playing a red guitar.
A woman is selling handmade hats.
Two women wearing scarfs on their heads are jogging on a beach bath.
Men and women in colorful costumes dancing.
Four girls in red uniforms consisting of red sweaters and red skirts are walking down the street.
Girls in costumes talking to security guards.
A man with a guitar playing in front of a group of girls wearing hats.
Two small lacrosse players listen as they are instructed.
An Elderly person against a wall on the streets looking down with a cup and photograph in hand.
A boy is hugging a smaller boy from behind.
One woman pushes a wheelbarrow while two others look on in a park
Bearded man wearing socks with sandals sitting on a bench.
A man in a red uniform standing outside of Broad St Station talking on a cellphone.
A Father and son playing with a wooden train set on a city carpet.
A woman is pointing down the street to her friend in front of an entrance to a subway station.
A woman is about to descend on the escalator.
Two young boys playing lacrosse run for the lacrosse ball.
A painter puts finishing touches on an image.
A puppy with no tail is held by its collar by its owner.
A woman in a brown sweater adjusts her glasses.
Three children lined up to get food at a table.
A lady is carrying a crying boy on the busy sidewalk.
A man and woman are looking at a map in Central Park.
A snowboarder on a mountaintop in a bright green jacket.
The woman with the brown hair and white coat is standing by the "Shine Deli" sign.
Man in gray and blue coat blows bubbles.
A man is sitting on a park bench looking at the water.
A woman is drawing a caricature of a young boy.
A woman in a purple top is standing in a room with a red wall.
A shirtless guy turned around videotaping something at the beach.
A man walks across a city street on a sunny day.
A man is singing in church.
An older man sells magazines at a magazine stand in Asia.
A father with his son on his shoulders walking through a park.
A man walks an orange dog in front of a building with a rusted chain fence.
There is a bridge over a beautiful scene of buildings and water.
A man in urban street gear including a striped hoodie looks down at something in his hand, in front of a brick-and-glass storefront.
A couple taking there dogs on a walk through the park.
Person in a red beanie looks over the water while sitting on a wooden bench.
A man in blue overalls hanging onto a pole above a crowd of people.
Several people wearing colorful clothing and hats perform in an open area.
A man in a black shirt plays guitar.
A man in a white shirt is sitting in front of a microphone, playing a guitar.
A guy showing his bike to a kid.
Several men and women are sitting around in a hut waiting for their turn to be next.
An acrobatic entertainer group puts on a demonstration for interested onlookers.
A man performs stunts in front of a crowd on the sidewalk.
Three guys perform in a band on stage.
Watch closely as I demonstrate the art of gliding a frisbee.
A newly married couple is standing near a car.
Man with short hair in a blue jacket taking a photo of a large group of people standing in front of a large illuminated building.
A child in a hat and jacket is looking at flowers.
A large group of people is gathered in front of a tall building.
People collectively gathered to honor a moment in time.
A skinny skateboarder is jumping over a fire hydrant on his skateboard.
Two guys playing in a band, one playing a guitar, and one playing the keyboard.
A girl in a blue scarf and green shirt is standing next to a red bicycle.
An elderly man in a suit pulling his luggage behind him.
A woman in a red sweater is standing next to crates of pineapple.
An elderly woman clutching her purse while admiring many candles.
A man in black cap and jacket sitting on blue duffel bag in front of a building.
A woman and a child crossing the street.
An old man reaches for his wife's hand as they finish crossing the street.
A man on a bicycle rides past a man and his son.
Athlete in black shorts running down a tree-lined street.
A biker, dressed in black, is walking down a pathway to his bike.
A woman in a leather jacket yawns as she walks beside a young boy down the sidewalk.
A man and a woman embracing on the sidewalk.
A man is walking across a city street with his son.
A man pushes a dolly with some boxes down a city street.
A man in a hat and coat is talking on the phone next to a building with a sign that is in a foreign language.
Guy getting ready to kick the ball.
People are sitting in the stands at a sporting event while other people are standing out on the playing field.
A soccer player is kicking the ball.
A customer in a black jacket is looking at fine cheeses.
A young woman wearing a headscarf is walking down the street carrying her purse.
A man and a woman laying on red metal benches in front of a city skyline on a sunny day.
A woman on the subway looking out the window.
A person wearing a brown hooded sweatshirt and jeans with a backpack walks down the street.
A man waiting for the bus in a war torn country.
Two people in coats walking next to a fence.
A little girl is squatting next to a body of water while poking a stick into it.
A woman dressed in a black top and green skirt dancing, as a man in the background looks on.
A person walks in front of the Heal's store.
A tattooed man cleaning the street gutter with a shovel.
Two females running around a track, in athletic clothes.
A blond woman laughs at the women next to her wearing a white fringe jacket.
A boy wearing very bright green fuzzy pants.
A very tall woman in a very short orange dress strolls down an empty sidewalk.
Man standing besides street with guitar on his back.
After falling down into the snow, a young woman takes a photo of her friends in the distance.
This girl is clad in a red snowsuit, climbing a tree.
A gentleman in a baseball cap is signing books for a couple of women.
Young girl with painted face and pigtails is sitting on a bench at water's edge.
A women` s hand and arm with blue fingernail polish and a tattoo that reads no regrets.
A man carrying many bags of cans probably going to sell the for scraps.
A yellow car is driving through the street with three pedestrians on a sidewalk.
A man wearing a black coat is walking.
A woman with a pierced nose is underneath a blue umbrella.
Blue semi truck and two gentleman standing in front of it.
A couple poses with their snowboards in the middle of a snowy timber.
A young person is doing a trick on a bike.
A newborn boy is lying in an incubator with many tubes attached.
Several construction workers standing on a scaffold
Two males are walking while a female is holding an umbrella with white polka dots.
An athlete wearing neon green and orange snowboards over a tiny blue car.
The several people standing on the Washington Wells platform, waiting for a train.
A girl in a bikini is taking a picture of a few people.
A man with a mow-hawk holds several pieces of wooden furniture in a plastic tub at the street corner.
A man wearing a gray t-shirt and jeans jumps in a living room.
A young couple walk along a stream on a hot day.
Two teenagers are staring across a table.
A man wearing a gray jacket is playing the piano on the sidewalk.
A couple of Asian people eating ice cream cones.
A long-haired woman dressed in a cap, jeans, and yellow shirt appears to be leading an unseen dog with a extendable leash.
Two men are playing instruments on a sidewalk.
A man in a white hat stand on the street holding colorful paper.
A group of African men unloading a truck full of fresh fish.
A red-haired woman sits on a couch with her legs crossed.
A woman and a man sitting on a couch inside a store.
A frowning elderly person is walking and carrying a plastic bag
Two boys stand in front of vending machines.
A person wearing a blue and yellow snowsuit, a blue helmet and snow goggles is moving down a snow covered incline.
A girl leaps in the street at night while another girl watches.
A girl in a red plaid shirt with blue jeans making a fist.
The three girls are performing some kind of dance.
A woman with earphones in her ears is walking down the street while a man talking on his cellphone is walking behind her.
People are sliding down a giant yellow and red slide.
A child stand with an elderly women at the 96th Street subway station.
A man and two women sitting on a bench.
The man in the middle raises his arms as he and the two women face the platform.
A man and woman ride in a mule drawn carriage as the driver points out landmarks.
There are 5 men in a small motor boat, behind them is a tropical jungle.
A couple that looks like they are in love.
A man wearing all black and a black hat is pouring a beverage into a cup.
The ban in the black hat is playing charades with his friend.
An older woman with brown hair is walking her bike through a gate of a garden.
A woman looking into the window of a French bakery.
A young boy in black pants and a blue shirt has just kicked a soccer ball.
A woman is playing a guitar.
A man in a plaid shirt is singing and playing the guitar.
People leaning against railing watching city.
A boy sitting in a stroller with a blue hat and red mittens on.
A juggler sitting by himself juggling bowling pins.
A young man rides his bike on a surface covered in graffiti.
Two people with baseball jerseys who are jumping in the air.
A man is working with fire and tar to repair a roof.
A woman walking, carrying a ShoeGasm bag.
A man in a pink and white striped shirt holding the reins of a horse.
Six people on a cliff taking a picture of their of the water.
Three men are sitting next to each other and the man in the middle is reading a book.
A woman sleeps behind the counter of a shop.
A woman dressed as a mermaid in a purple seashell bra looks to her left.
Man with shawl praying by a large lake and small boat.
A woman in a pink sweater sitting next to a man in a white windbreaker in front of a mobile food van.
A clown in a red pointed hat creating balloon art.
A man in a white shirt is walking hand in hand with a woman also wearing white.
A little girl sitting on a bench with a ball under it.
Two women in costume, one dressed as a mermaid, the other as a fairy, are handing out brochures.
A woman dressed as the mermaid Ariel next to a phone booth.
A woman in blue clothing smiling as people in the background walk by.
A small dog chewing on a black strap.
Men in soldier uniforms shoot guns into the air.
In a forest a man and a woman discuss something.
A female toddler wearing a pink shirt is playing on a playground.
A man serves food at a food stand.
A dutch family gathers around an Easter egg made up of flowers.
People preparing for a model airplane meet.
A man entering into a building as another man sits on a street on a cold day.
A man playing an accordion rides the New York City subway.
Two people are walking around in a busy street.
Two men stand and row a thin boat in the ocean.
Boy, of age approximately 10 years old, lunging into pristine pool on hot summer day.
A man riding a cart being pulled by a donkey.
A man dressed all in black talks with a lady wearing a light blue dress and a white headscarf.
They are here to ensure no one crosses the barriers.
A middle-aged man is getting his head completely shaved by another middle-aged man with hair.
A man and a woman is by the signpost.
A young man with a purple hat is laughing with gum in his mouth.
One girl tosses a softball to her team member on base.
A person is riding a quad through a field of mud that has several buildings behind it.
Two people are walking on a striped path.
Four people are at a pavilion getting drinks from two men.
Group of many people walking through a tunnel.
A small boy in a blue helmet playing with a yellow toy truck.
A long-haired woman leans on a stone railing, looking out at the sea.
A dog is running through a field with its tongue hanging out.
A young boy and dark-haired man are taking pictures in opposite directions.
A female barista wearing black is making coffee in a coffee shop.
A hispanic man wearing a rosary is waiting for a cab.
A group of men wearing white, blue, and black are marching outside with a giant cross.
A woman walks across a porch with an axe.
An older woman wearing sunglasses is looking through her purse in a crowded marketplace.
A blond-haired woman is playing darts in a bar.
Five children play in a flooded (or intentionally watered) playground.
A woman in black and a jeep in blue.
A woman is sitting on the road next to her bicycle.
A man sits and holds out a cup.
A boy in a blue shirt picks something up off of the ground while a crowd gathers.
A woman talking on a cellphone and holding an umbrella.
A man is sitting on a bench with his bike outside of the city.
A girl is concentrated reading on her eReader.
A white bike is tied to a street sign.
A woman busily multitasking on the phone and computer.
Three men wearing hats are sitting and drinking at a table.
A young woman in a blue Hollister shirt and blue jeans.
A man dressed in black stands at a street corner near a crossing light.
A woman with a yellow purse runs across a busy street.
A man in a diamond print sweater and jeans stands in the middle of a sidewalk listening to earbuds.
A man in a blue suit is walking down the street.
A woman in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding man in a pinstriped suit.
A young man in sunglasses taking a break from his job.
A younger woman sitting near a body of water with a dog.
Group of dogs walking and sniffing on gravel.
A young man on a sail ski wearing a dry suit in the middle of a body of water
A dog walks alone in a field.
A mother and her two children in front of an old, worn-down building.
A dog is being squirted with water in the face outdoors.
A man waits at a bus stop with a pink lighthouse and a green boat in the background.
One person rides the waves of the ocean.
A woman wearing a gray coat, with brownish hair, is pulling a basket-like cart.
Shoppers walking on a busy city street.
A woman in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a woman talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps.
A man is sitting in an office, looking at a computer screen.
A person with a blue helmet on with black boots, who is riding a horse.
A man and his girl are crossing the street.
One confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collecting machines.
A woman is holding green and gold pompoms.
A man is standing in the middle of a road while talking on his cellphone.
A parking lot with a bicyclist riding through it.
A man in a green jacket wearing glasses is carrying a bunch of flowers.
An elderly man in a blue shirt is preparing food.
A woman reading a book on a bench in a park.
A black woman holding a flannel jacket and paper bag walks down the street.
A group of people sitting at a table eating.
An old man wearing glasses is holding a stick.
People sitting on a lower level of a walkway, while a different person is walking above them among the trees.
A man in a red shirt urinating outside by a tree.
A man in glasses is wearing a dark coat.
Two women are holding the butt of a naked man
Man with a red plastic nose and a striped sweater holding a glass ball.
Two woman are having a conversation with an unknown individual on a sidewalk.
A man jumps with his bike in a parking lot next to a four story building.
A boy wearing a red shirt and jeans tried to touch the chainsaw.
A young black woman holds a sign offering free hugs among a crowd of people.
A man on the street drawing pictures of people.
A woman in a green blouse stands in the road and looks at dark clouds gathering in the distance.
A man is walking by a diesel refilling station.
A man and boy sitting cross-legged on ground inspecting barbecue grill.
A man driving a scooter down a cobblestone road.
A person is eating a plate of pasta with a black and brown dog on his or her lap.
A construction worker moves a device along a rail in front of a construction site.
2 man and a dog walking down a road next to fields
A group of people are conversing with one another.
Two people in purple kiss next to a makeshift tent and campsite.
There is 6 friends walking down the street.
Several people are walking while wearing coats, while one is riding a bike.
This person is making ice cream cones.
Three people in a line crossing a street in front of a delicatessen.
Are you coming with me for a cup of coffee?
Young couple peers at a storefront display under an umbrella in the rain.
A woman in an overcoat is using her phone while standing outside of a building.
A man in a green sweater talks on the phone and holds a baby girl on his lap.
A young Indian child holds a doll along a fence.
Cars drive under a bridge while people walk up above.
A young woman with beige pants is walking a dog.
Woman in white hat and blue cape stands near shopping cart on a busy street.
A man standing in a large room by a window.
A woman posing with a kid in the background playing with bubbles.
Two men are walking down the street going in opposite directions.
A man is reading a newspaper sitting in a train.
A man wearing all black walking down the sidewalk looking at his I-Pod.
A boy playing in the waves, with a seagull in the foreground.
A group of hiply dressed young adults relax together.
A little baby wearing a pink jacket with a hood and orange pants is running.
A man riding on a motorcycle sideways in Japan.
A man and a woman sit outside - The woman is wearing a fur coat and the man looks professional with a tie.
A woman painting with a roller.
A woman walks down a city street with an umbrella.
The children's ski class is lined up listening to the instructor.
A woman with a camera as many people behind her walk across the water on a walkway.
A older male is working on a snow truck.
A woman holding a yellow bag in front of a "Welcome to Aberdeen" sign.
A man in a yellow safety jacket and blue jeans is on his cellphone.
Two people on a bicycle wearing large helmets with the person in back dressed in purple standing on footrests at the back of the bike.
A man carries a trash bag along with his cane.
A man in a T-shirt is playing chess.
Dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field.
A dread-locked photographer in a suit takes pictures of a group of young children sitting on the ground.
A person is sitting on a chair while listening to music.
A woman in a brown sweatshirt and jeans is taking a picture of a guy with a beard while another woman texts on her phone nearby.
A crowded city street with lots of pedestrians.
The woman in the purple bikini and pink top is wearing a safety helmet.
A dog jumps and catches a blue ball in his mouth.
Pedestrians bombard a city street covered in consumerism, including signs for Burger King, McDonalds, Subway, and Heineken.
A blond women wears a jacket with an eye on it.
Two women, one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt, are crossing a busy street with pans on top of their heads.
An African American woman carrying yellow fruit on her head walking away from a building.
Group of doctors are gathered around a patient in a operating room.
A doctor with his assistants are working under a tent.
Two children, one in a red jacket and another in a blue jacket, are sitting in a tire swing.
An older gentlemen in red walks by an individual wearing all blue.
The restaurant staff is setting up the dining room for a meal.
A shirtless, tattooed man wearing a hate is carrying a skateboard.
Here is a girl in boots walking with her backpack under an umbrella in the rain.
A woman holding a yellow umbrella in the rain.
Four people with scooters in front of a very large metal gate.
A group of cars, buses, and cycles clog a street.
A sad little boy sitting at a table with a blue tablecloth eating chocolate ice cream.
A Santa Cruz Fire Dept. engine outside a Gap store.
Person in a blue anorak reading a large sign standing on a train platform.
Pair of women holding umbrellas walking down a street in wet weather.
A woman sitting at a table carefully looking at her apple laptop screen.
People gathered around at an outdoor event.
A man in blue jeans paints a mural onto a light blue background.
A woman is pushing a boy in a wagon near a sidewalk.
A woman in black with a red umbrella walks towards a cathedral on a paved street.
A couple holding hands walks down a street.
A child in a white hoodie runs towards a flock of white birds.
A group of people are having lunch in a crowded cafe.
Four people going down from the electric stairs, wearing very warm clothes.
A man in a orange robe is sitting on the passenger seat of a motorcycle.
Three girls walking down the street while the one in the middle bounces a black basketball.
A woman in a gray dress is walking.
People are running in some type of marathon while passing blue signs.
Four people are walking through a city.
A man and woman sit on a bench.
Two cyclists are racing down a street.
Two dogs wearing shirts play in the green grass.
A woman with a large purse and boots walking in a marble-looking hall.
The man in the red shirt pretends to play the violin with an umbrella.
A man plays music with a sword and a bow.
Two large men are dressed in black t-shirts, khaki bottoms, boots, and jewelry with hardware.
A man walking in a white robe.
Man in red shirt and blue jeans is adjusting his fly.
A boy skateboarding down a steep incline.
A woman walks past a garage door that says "no parking any time."
A girl in a pink hat sits on the ground.
An artist wearing a red gingham scarf works on a painting of a tower.
A man dressed in civil war era clothing holds a musket.
Children are playing on a playground set with one another.
A woman walking by a minivan and camper in the woods.
A woman and a younger child are walking in the woods.
A woman and a boy enjoying a walk in woods.
An elderly woman, a younger woman, a young boy, and a black furred dog walking on a dirt road in a forest.
A shirtless young boy sits on the top of a pile of rocks.
Volunteers are in this picture with their dog searching for a missing girls last known playing in the woods.
Middle-aged man, with a leather jacket, standing in a misty parking lot.
A male and a female in lightly colored clothing are dancing.
Happy mom flipping her daughter around and both smiling ear to ear.
A man with a black hat is walking with a riffle.
A young boy works the soil in his yard.
Three men working on a roof, while one man is climbing up the ladder.
A blond girl and brunette girl walking.
A group of boys wearing sleeveless white shirts, one is drinking from a white cup.
Children sitting on rock in the desert
A sitting woman is laughing beside a man in a blue jacket.
A trio of girls dressed to go to a party
One man is walking 11 dogs at the same time.
Two people are standing in a flower shop.
A child in a black coat runs across a graffiti covered bridge.
Several people walking up a set of outdoor stairs.
A man with a yellow hat on is leaning on a wall of some sort.
Four musicians playing guitars in a club.
An Indian family stands together, ankle-deep in a body of water, looking out.
A car gets ticketed for a parking violation.
An African-American male youth is riding a green bicycle while other people are looking at pictures on a board.
A man in a red jacket and helmet is riding a bike.
A cart with an umbrella sits between two men.
Several men and women gather at a sporting event.
An attractive young lady out in public is glancing sideways at something off-camera.
An older woman rides a bicycle across the street in front of a large green building.
Lot of cars on the street, and one man on the bicycle.
A woman speaks into a microphone at a social gathering.
A man in a blue shirt is laying on rocks in the sun.
A man in a red jacket smiles as he holds a bicycle over his head.
An older man is cutting the hair of a customer in his barber shop with floral walls.
Two brown dogs rough house outside.
A young man at a party shouts out, his fists raised with emotion.
A woman is reading a magazine while sitting at a table.
An elderly man wearing a black jacket and blue jeans is sitting on a bench while looking at his phone.
A red-haired woman in a black coat in front of a sign.
Three woman look back at the camera that's in the rear seat of a van as the driver drives down the road.
A group of friends walking down the sidewalk.
Three male students work in a lab with one of them looking through a microscope.
A man is pushing a bicycle powered cart down the brick street.
A few people walking in the distance of a small town.
A street vendor with dark hair and glasses, sitting on a folding chair.
A man in a black jacket sitting on a bus with earphones.
An old man on a train reading a newspaper.
A middle-aged man is reading the newspaper and drinking Starbucks coffee in the park.
A woman sitting by a garbage can.
Older female walking down city sidewalk in a yellow jacket holding a black Zales bag.
A man is painting a picture while on the sidewalk of the street.
An older woman with a cane is walking with a sign around her neck.
Old woman in white cutting colorful craft like sheets.
A man in a uniform sits on a chair with a rifle at his side.
Two women walking around in a city.
A woman holds a frozen pop sickle and keys in her right hand.
A small child playing in a dusty square.
A bicyclist waiting for traffic to pass so he can cross the street.
A woman sitting inside a train car.
A man in red walking in front of a wall of windows.
Two young children looking at fresh lobster in the grocery store.
A kiteboarder wearing a helmet and goggles rides across a snowy landscape.
These woman are watching people play tennis from a bench.
An old man in a coat and hat sitting on a park bench.
An elderly couple reads a map on a park bench.
A woman wearing black is carrying a container of food.
A cop wearing a high-visibility vest is holding a stop sign.
Four people, three men and one woman, are working on their computers.
A lady in a white tank top is walking holding something in her hands.
A man with a backpack is walking down the sidewalk in front of a red brick building.
A man holding walking in the street looking away from a beggar.
Three young boys are dressed in hoodies facing the same way.
A man in a city is crossing the street pushing a cart.
A woman in sunglasses is standing next to an orange sign that reads RoadWork Ahead.
An old woman on a cold day, outside a sports store somewhere in Brazil.
A person pushing luggage and someone on the cellphone in a city.
Several adults walk down a stone-paved walkway in Europe.
A group of people are passing through the town square.
A woman standing on the sidewalk with her hands in her pockets.
A closeup of a woman walking while wearing a black and blue tank top with sunglasses on top of her head.
A limo driving down a street in a graffiti-laden neighborhood.
The guy in the dark suit at the podium is pointing to the powerpoint screen.
A man is speaking a presentation while others watch a slide show.
A woman with a black purse walking into the street while a man on in a business suit is walking on the left.
Woman with pink shirt sitting in chair.
Three workers are walking out of their secured building at the end of the day.
Three men walking on a sidewalk in a city.
A woman is walking in the snow with a polka dot umbrella.
Young man hard at work over by the lake.
Men in turbans watch while one grips a camel by the throat.
A US postal mailbox covered in graffiti.
A couple covered in paint caught the attention of those in front of them at the fruit stand.
A girl is singing while jumping in the air.
A man and a young blond boy using plastic interactive toys outside.
A man in a jacket sits and snoozes on a green park bench.
The dashboard of a car with a brown dog toy and a pink doll.
Man in brown suit walking towards camera near row of cars.
Down looking men are hanging out on the side of the road.
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
A woman in a blue jacket is walking next to a poster of two green figures that look like men.
A man in a green jacket is playing a fairground game.
A man, dresses in white, holds a can while he walks on brick pavement.
A construction worker is blowing debris off the sidewalk
Man with a shaved head and beard poses on a expansive beach with an orange sand bucket on his head.
An older man is playing a saxophone.
Person in a red hat walking on a sidewalk on a snowy day.
A small quaint town all lit up during the holiday season.
Two men photograph pink flowers, one with a small digital camera and one with a larger lens.
A child poses his head through a hole in a painted wall.
A row of red bicycles are parked on the street.
Small child laying on a hardwood floor.
A boy in a blue jacket points something out to his mother, also wearing a jacket, as they walk through a colorful carnival scene.
People staring up at the fair.
A group of children are outside dressed in blue in a fenced in area.
The aged woman sits while wearing her pink-lensed glasses.
A group of people walking across the street some carrying large black and red flags.
Two girls in green sweatshirts pose outside.
A man looking over the balcony of a modern building.
An old woman with a cane walking next to a car.
An elderly women in a coat walking down the street.
Boys in uniform wait outside a building.
A man and two women eating and drinking in a kitchen.
A doctor consoles a sports player injured.
A woman in plaid pants stands on a ski slope, ready to descend.
Man laying on a partially built house.
People are riding bikes next to a blue and green bus.
Four women are outside of a Chinese store.
A bunch of kids in canoes on a river.
A man wearing dirty clothes is sleeping on the sidewalk.
Two men wearing white shirts wearing helmets while riding a bike.
A man and a woman stare at the entrance-way to some catacombs.
A man is in a boat with two other men paddling the water.
Evening commuters walk past buses lining a city street.
A man in a hat is walking in a city while looking to the left.
An abandoned 'Cafe Express' sign is now covered in graffiti.
A man is looking at a TV screen in a restaurant.
A soccer player wearing a gray shirt and black pants throwing a soccer ball.
A woman in black in enjoying the cool and refreshing waterfall.
Women standing in doorway at night next to train tracks
A small male child in a GAP shirt sitting on a blue tractor.
A goat is looking at two boys just outside its pen.
There is a person standing a mountain that has some interesting shapes.
A girl is toweling herself on a deck at the beach.
A woman, wearing shorts and a tank top, tries to scale a rock face using climbing gear.
A man in native clothing passes by a shoe store.
A group of people and children are walking along a walkway.
A person playing the accordion on a bridge.
A man in a white trench coat with a bag trying to make a phone call on a pay phone.
A blond woman is listening to headphones outside.
Shes feeding a goat with goat food.
A person with a yellow jacket carrying 3 oranges in a plastic bag.
A woman in a purple top and jeans talking to a woman in a roller derby.
A man appears to be reaching for a woman's drink in an office.
A man in a gray jacket and black knit hat walking in front of a gray roll-up garage door.
Several people standing below a clock tower with two clock faces.
A man in black staring down at the sidewalk with shadows.
A little boy is wearing a snorkel in a bathtub.
A man in an orange shirt in front of picture of a man holding his face and squeezing his cheeks together.
A blond woman in heels strolls past the cemetery.
The baby is tired of the hike he took with his parents.
A street performer in a white shirt and blue jeans draws in a crowd.
3 friends hanging out in the park on the grass.
People are relaxing on cement stairs with grass, while others walk by.
A woman wearing a tan coat is getting out of a small red car.
A girl in a black shirt sits alone on the ground.
Two women jog down the sidewalk in front of a gas station.
A bird sitting on a telephone line.
A man wearing overalls and a hat is playing acoustic guitar outside.
Two people are sitting in the park, on a cold winter day.
Three people are standing by a wall next to a white building
Five people and a red telephone booth.
A group of people crossing a street in the rain holding an umbrella.
Two groups of boys are playing a sport together involving a ball
A group of young people walking with two talking on cellphones.
Several young women walk near blossoming cherry trees.
Three little boys looking at the camera while one of them plays on a homemade drum.
A crowd gathers outside a beautiful building with a fountain.
A redheaded female and brown-haired male wearing glasses stroll together.
Man with helmet rock climbing in a snowy area.
Two ladies walk down a street wearing black lingerie and green skirts with garter belts.
A large bonfire is burning at dusk.
A man in the desert is sitting on a horse which has lots of decorations.
Welcome to our beautiful place and enjoy.
A man with curly hair and a beard walking in a crowd.
A Man with tan pants RollerBlading.
A brunette woman wearing a black leather jacket is holding a purple handbag on a sidewalk.
Two guys doing some karate moves on a mat.
A young Asian woman looks at the screen of her cellphone in a white coat.
A man and a woman are talking in a park
A man with a hat his holding two frisbees outside.
A white car is parked next to a tree that has red bark.
A blond woman dressed in black is holding a camera and staring at something on the ground.
Two brunette women in stylish, sexy dresses posing for a picture.
A boy is laying on a grassy slope and a girl is next to him reading.
A man in a leather biker jacket walks the sidewalk carrying a large backpack.
A man in a cowboy hat is sitting down and reading a book.
A blond woman is looking down while others sit in the background.
Several adults and a dog sitting on some white stone steps near a shallow pool
Young men play a game of rugby on the beach.
Three people walking down the street in an Asian community.
A police officer a new york church.
Man playing piano outside, with 3 observers, near lamp post, palm trees and large building.
Construction is occurring on a large cathedral.
Two men wearing a hat are holding on to their bikes.
Two elderly women speak to each other.
An elderly woman dressed in a jacket, gloves and sunglasses is pushing a basket on a busy city street.
A child driving his Power Wheels car down the street, followed by his Dad.
Three small children in white shirts are playing by a rock.
Two donkeys pulling a cart, carrying green bushes, as well as carrying people on it.
People walking down a busy city street in the winter.
A van with flags advertising floats, boogie boards, umbrellas, chairs, and surfboards.
A group of black children sits behind red desks in a classroom.
Children in a green classroom are raising their hands.
A little girl with a white shirt playing a violin.
Some people are walking, sitting, or riding bikes.
A bald man is getting out of a small blue car.
A city street with a metal bench occupied by a woman in black.
Five people, a man and four women, are being pulled in a cart by a mule on a sunny day.
A man flips in the air before a crowd of onlookers.
Two men and a woman sit on a brown bench with a brown dog.
Nancy Pelosi is giving a speech.
A large group of people standing behind a podium on the stairs of a congress building.
A woman in green is shacking the hand of a man in a suit.
A man in a white shirt and blue jeans is seated by the road hitchhiking, backdropped by a field of flowers and a large green tree.
People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window.
A classroom full of kids sitting at blue desks.
A woman wearing a black dress crosses the street.
A man and a woman are closely examining a fishing pole together by a large body of water.
A woman is crossing the sidewalk with 3 small girls holding hands.
Compact cars line the streets and a series of tents is set up along one sidewalk.
Two soccer teams are competing on a soccer field.
A woman wearing a headscarf is walking down the street towards a driveway entrance.
People are walking along a busy city street.
A young male in shorts standing under a wooden structure in shallow water.
A man is sitting and using his cellular phone.
A young girl wearing a blue jacket is stepping into a puddle.
A man wearing a red tie and suit is speaking to a crowd.
A man on a bicycle wearing an orange and black sweatshirt is carrying a long bunch of sticks.
He is walking with a brown coat.
A lady wearing a dark outfit and carrying a white bag is walking along a street.
A cyclist approaches the underside of a bridge between buildings.
Two mounted police officers make their way down the street.
Image of an asian city with people walking down the sidewalk.
A woman is intently reading a paper on the subway.
People stand on a train platform underground.
A street is almost deserted with yellow sign opened up beside a white line.
A group of people sitting in lawn chairs.
Two men drinking beer in front of a fence.
Two older men playing soccer with four children that are trying to score a goal.
A woman is walking with a stroller in front of a building.
A man excitedly pushing in lawn mower in the backyard of a house.
People pass a homeless person with a blanket and red hood on an icy street.
A man in a white hood holding a cat.
Several men in coats and jackets on a city street.
A man in a narrow ally works next to a shop while a cat looks on.
Black man on sitting in the foreground while a dark-skinned woman wearing a yellow dress walks in the background with something in her hand near her face.
A man sits down next to a rusty wall.
Several people are sitting in a public space on a bench.
A group of people are standing together, posing for a picture.
Three men are sitting under a blue tent on chairs.
A woman puts new groceries on the table.
A woman with a headband on is eating and a man is watching her eat.
A group of young adults playing Twister.
A dark-haired woman being fitted for a white dress by a red-haired woman.
A woman sitting in a chair looking into a mirror.
A girl wearing red shorts and sandals is sitting outside on a railing smirking.
Adults playing soccer out of uniform.
This man is wearing a shirt that says "coolest dad in the world".
An elderly man reads a newspaper on a city sidewalk.
A woman in a black jacket talking on the phone on a street corner.
Man recording a video of a woman.
A young girl is eating as she sits at a table full of food.
A man crossing the street during a cold winter day.
A man carrying a load of fresh direct boxes on car with wheels in the city streets, as a woman walks towards him.
A group of four men are walking along a beach, as a woman in a blue bikini looks on.
A little boy in an oversized cap is eating a Popsicle.
A little girl in pink clothes holding yellow rods.
A man sits outside at a wooden table and reads a book while ducks eat in the foreground.
A student walking on a sidewalk near a campus.
A person hiking at the foot of snowcapped mountains.
Pitcher about to pitch the ball.
A sign is posted in Times Square warning that Jesus is coming soon.
A young woman walking down the rainy streets in a red parka.
A man and a woman, both in white hats, khaki pants and dark jackets are crossing the street.
A man is doing a jump as he snowboards down a mountain.
Two young people smile at the camera while walking their dog.
A man in uniform stands at an entrance.
A small boy grins in a crowd full of people posing with their eyes closed in a sleeping position.
A lady standing by a tree looking at her phone.
A woman with a black jacket and red scarf and leggings walks with a man while another passes and looks back at them.
A woman with glasses sitting near on top the side of a hill and next to vehicles for that terrain.
A woman in sunglasses and a hat standing on the street with a special offer sandwich board on her.
Homeless man wearing thick jacket looks at his food.
A man and a woman, both in hats, stand on the sidewalk in a busy city.
People walk in front of the ornate brick building.
A boy wearing a red "I love NY" shirt waves to someone to his right.
A woman hands out fliers to people walking by.
A woman in a blue winter jacket is pushing a shopping cart through snow.
2 swimmers in mid flight doing a dive into a pool
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
A person is walking by an old building.
Two people are organizing a large amount of food outside along a busy street.
A man is asleep on a red bench
A man in a gray coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest.
Two people street cleaning by hand and with machine.
An airplane high in the sky with a man walking on the ground.
A guy in an orange shirt, orange shoes and brown hat on an airborne skateboard.
Two children are hugging while on a swing above a scenic view.
Two Russian women talk while a third walks by in the foreground.
Two people in costume one green one purple both with white face paint.
A man strolls along a palm treed walkway.
A sculpture works on one of his pieces.
Two people walk towards a person with three miniature horses.
A man is sitting while he reads the Times Sport newspaper.
Women wearing a pink shirt selling donuts in a park.
Here is the apartment buildings and a vendor selling ice cream outside of them.
A woman is walking down a cold street.
A woman wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower pot.
Lady digging through dumpsters during a snowy day.
A brunette in a shirt plaid shirt and knee-high socks, with green beads wrapped around her wrists.
Two people are having an intimate conversation on the side of the road.
A woman is hugging another women from behind her.
Two men talking as seen from an overhead shot.
Two people are standing face to face on a bridge near a major city.
A man is walking down a street with bicycles behind him.
A girl in a purple leotard is being hugged by a girl in a blue and purple outfit.
A woman is holding on to a bar while doing gymnastics.
Runners, some in costume, in a St Paddy's day Marathon run in the streets as people watch.
A gymnast is balanced upside down on a bar.
Several people are sitting in a dining area with blue lights above them.
A policeman rides on a motorcycle on a city street.
Two men are in conversation with one looking off in the distance.
A man shovels snow off of the sidewalk.
A woman with a bike is looking at a statue, the statue is a display for an Asian restaurant.
Religious men in burgundy clothing walk down the street.
A couple dressed in winter coats admire framed photos on a white wall.
An elderly man takes a photo with a phone.
A brown dog swims in the murky water.
A man reflects during a moment at a social gathering.
A snowboarder, wearing a blue jacket and green pants, snowboards down a hill.
Male sitting in a chair at a outdoor cafe smoking a cigarette.
Two older persons standing on a city sidewalk with a dog on a leash.
A man is waiting to cross the intersection.
A man with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans wooden floor while another one helps him on the background.
A man on the chair is advertising or sharing info.
If this equipment works properly I should be able to pick up every single speck.
Two ladies all dressed up and partying on the street.
Four police officers standing on a street with a clown walking in front of them.
A woman wearing pink sweatshirt cutting cheese with knife.
A woman in a white uniform is sorting nuts behind a glass counter.
Kids waiting for the parade in the street.
A woman in a black beret and leopard print tights sits on a bench.
Woman in blue pants walks past brick wall with graffiti.
Many people gather to watch a new invention.
A man is walking out a truck while carrying furniture.
A man is washing his hair, brushing his teeth, and shaving at the same time.
A person with a red umbrella walking down a snowy street.
A woman in a green tank top holding a purse opens her mouth and looks excited.
A man with a red beard wearing a green Miller hat.
A man in red looks into the stall of a seller at a market.
A couple stands in front of a brick wall holding shopping bags.
A man in a red collared shirt talks enthusiastically into a microphone.
Two men at the curling arena.
A woman in a brown jacket laughing at something a friend is saying to her.
Four individuals walk down a street, with two holding hands and one holding a guitar.
An African-American man, wearing a green hat, is sitting outside next to a trunk.
A woman holds a microphone as she sings.
A small child in a pink shirt is standing at a counter mixing something in a bowl.
A small child getting a taste of dessert mix.
Here is a picture of a girl wearing a shirt half ways up and standing behind a woman who is looking down.
A woman in a yellow shirt at a train station.
A man is leaning against the railing on the third floor of a terminal.
A young man smoking at a park.
A man and woman are sitting close together on a green bench.
Two women having a meal together at a restaurant.
Tan colored dog jumping over a branch in the forest.
Two oriental people are seated a table at a restaurant.
Dark man uses a screwdriver to break into a window in an alley.
A person wearing a coat and carrying an umbrella is leaving home.
A waterskier is air-borne above the water near a background of tall palm trees.
Men in rink with one man on out of control horse.
A cowboy on a bucking bronco in the process of being thrown off the back.
A group of 4 people do various activities from playing guitar, to using a computer.
A cook in a black shirt and checkered bandanna cooks on an industrial style stove.
Sandy beach, people walking, laying, sitting, a kite is flying.
A person is riding a horse down a dirt trail.
A green building with two people sitting out front.
A woman in a pink bikini and a man in black swim trunks are jumping in the water at the beach.
Man is sitting on top of the balcony and viewing the beautiful city.
A few people walk the beach, shot taken from high-altitude
An adult and child are playing monopoly, the child is covering his face with his hand.
A young woman in a trench coat carries a plastic bag down the sidewalk.
A woman is riding a bicycle on the beach.
A tan dog hangong on to a white plushie toy.
A patriot dresses himself and his horse with the colors of the American flag for a flashy display.
A man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table.
A woman poses in a kicking position.
A young man with LA on his cap paints a turtle on a green background.
The police arresting someone on a busy city street.
A woman sitting in a tan chair beside of a dog while smiling at the camera.
Three people are playing frisbee at a park.
Two men, one wearing a yellow shirt and the other a blue shirt, are playing frisbee on a field.
Guy takes a break from carrying bags up steps and enjoys a cup-o-noodles.
A man in a purple outfit milking reindeer with a forest in the background.
Gloved man holding a bird of prey.
Young child in a white jacket standing in front of a bike.
A man in a leather jacket and cowboy hat holds his hand out on the street.
Young white people side in a slightly dark room.
Several people wearing baskets on their backs are standing next to each other.
A young woman with red-hair, dressed in purple is holding an envelope as she walks on a city sidewalk.
A person in a red sweater is sail boating.
A man wearing a dark shirt is sitting next to a white hat and sleeping.
Male guitar player on stage in a black shirt.
A woman in a red outfit is jogging next to several street signs.
A man with a gray jacket and blue jeans speaks into a microphone while facing a crowd.
A room of Asian students are working in groups at desks in a classroom.
A man reading a newspaper in a laundromat.
2 men wearing neutral color clothes have a conversation over a meal.
Man with dark blue apron taking an order
A man and young boy are in a river close to a sandy shore.
An older guitar player is playing guitar on stage.
A group of young adults standing inside near a Pabst Blue Ribbon beer display.
An woman cutting and selling fish.
A man wearing a black shirt, and a man in a hat are performing in a concert.
A man preparing a white volkswagen to be towed by a AAA certified tow-truck.
Two men playing guitar on stage with two female background singers.
Someone is hoisting another person onto a carousel.
Young women with fur coat and hat walking out of the bar.
Man holding a book and looking away from book.
A young man is standing in front of a group holding a few papers.
An Asian man standing next to a door points to something.
A child is outside flying with a lot of balloons in his hands.
Man helping women with laptop in classroom.
A man gesturing with his hands in a room full of computers.
Two men in a room talking to each other.
A lady in a red cap serving food to the community.
Two roommates are trying to fix the sink in the kitchen.
A man with a pierced eyebrow is looking at a laptop screen, while a cat is in the background.
Woman in black walks with child past a wall mural of a arid landscape.
A boy in a red poncho is reading while leaning on a pole.
A ballerina dressed in yellow is dancing, on a stage.
A black man with a red mask is carrying a box.
A young girl kisses the lips of her mother.
People are standing around on a basketball court in an arena.
A child hides under a piece of furniture.
A man on an empty sidewalk near a structure with a backwards EC.
A guy working in a factory.
A woman in a white blouse is pouting while a man in a black shirt looks on.
A group of people are looking at a cute little dog.
Two young mothers are visiting at the dining room table while keeping an eye on their youngsters.
Two women compete in a hurdle event.
A group of people in white hazmat suits standing in front of black trash bags.
A woman is sowing an Indian artifact for an upcoming festival.
A group of people are around a pile of garbage.
People are photographing a building.
A man is standing on pavement holding a stick in his hand.
People strolling through an indoor market.
A man wearing a balloon hat holds up colored cut-out drawings of two men.
Cowboy riding a bucking horse, while two guys watch from the gate.
A man wearing a white hat is being stomped by a brown horse.
Women in robes walk across a marble floor.
A man in a black coat is setting up his camera to take pictures with.
A woman sitting at a table, taking a picture.
An older looking woman is taking notes in a lecture hall at a university, with younger looking students in the background.
Parade outside with lots of light and color.
Two people riding a motorcycle through a very crowded street.
A small girl covering her eyes in a yellow shirt, outdoors.
A group of three men and two woman sitting at a table that has food, drinks, and a game on it.
A man steps up on a step from a sidewalk.
A young man wearing glasses, a black shirt and white cap is eating pizza and bread.
Three kids running in a field around bikes
A man with an umbrella takes photos during a very snowy day.
A man standing in front of a blue wall looking down while smoking.
A woman watches a brown dog run away from a house across the grass.
Man with white helmet burning rubber of his black and green motorcycle
A person in a yellow shirt is talking to a young girl.
A woman talks on a cellphone while walking along side a man.
A woman sells vegetables out of a mobile street cart.
The men are putting together the metal frame.
Two men playing table tennis in a room with lower lighting.
Two men on a traffic light making faces.
A person wearing a striped shirt, blue jeans and blue sneakers stands on a rock in a brook.
A man is riding a bike with many different objects on it.
A little boy is looking out the balcony surrounded by plants, a toy bike, and plant pots.
A young boy is sitting on stairs with a book.
A woman in a white dress is trying to give a man in a suit bunny ears.
A girl is hiding behind a painted wooden structure inside a building.
Four medium-sized dogs wrestle with each other on a grass field.
A man in deep thought while the woman wits with much patience.
Two adults, two children, and two dogs are sitting on a sofa.
A man is in a superstore shopping for a Hawaiian shirt.
Two men, and one girl are wearing life jackets and swimming in the water.
Man in hospital bed with oxygen tubes in his nose.
Vendors sit at a street market with jars of goods that are red and green.
A man with glasses typing on his laptop computer
Two people standing on the beach on a cloudy day posing for the camera.
Blue milk crates sitting on a dock by a boat.
Two metal cages, one containing two rabbits, the other containing cardboard boxes.
Three young boy acting in a play.
A group of 5 boy scouts standing on a stage.
Two teen boys in boy scout uniforms.
A group of Boy Scouts are standing in line.
A group of boy scouts giving a demonstration.
A man in an orange vest is standing next to a yellow canoe.
Two people having a picnic by a lake.
A young Oriental girl in a pink and gray striped shirt nibbles at a strawberry as she looks to her right at something behind the camera.
A man is walking in a bright yellow jacket.
A young boy scout sits in a camping chair in front of a green tent, indoors.
Boy scouts on a stage with a microphone
Five guys are sitting on a stage in front of two green tents behind a Boy Scouts of America banner.
Two boy scouts in jeans act on a stage with tents.
There are three boys on stage with podiums in front of them, they are preparing for a speech.
Children performing on a stage with tents in the background.
A person in an orange shirt is laying on the ground while others are standing around her, smiling.
A happy child sits in the lap of a woman wearing a green shirt.
Two dark-haired men in orange shirts leaning on a desk next to a man in a uniform.
A little girl checking out her clothing.
A little girl in a white sweater with polka dots is playing with a wooden tracked train set.
A piece of wall art that includes a tree
A group of young and older people gather around holding a peace knits quilt.
Two small children walk away in a field.
People are in line at a white tablecloth-covered buffet, serving themselves food.
A bearded man wearing no t-shirt fixes his bicycle.
A man walking barefoot looks on over a cliff as the sun is just above the horizon.
Runners compete on a cold day in the city.
Marathon runners are heading down a road by a park on a cold winter day.
The machine is digging a huge hole on the ground.
A girl in a hat sit on a beach while talking on her cellphone.
People running in a marathon.
A couple are dancing while others are watching a concert in a bandstand.
Several little girls are at a table painting.
A man and a woman walk down the street on a chilly morning.
A man is tossing an onion in the air in the kitchen.
A woman is wearing ice skates and there are groups of people in the background.
Runners are competing in a marathon.
Runners are photographed as onlookers watch and take pictures of a Run for Haiti.
A crowd of people prepare for a marathon.
A marathon runner either starting or passing through a checkpoint at a fundraiser marathon.
A woman in black puts her arm around another woman while their photo is taken.
People are clapping their hands after the speech.
A group of women stand all looking toward the same direction.
A large group of people in a room, smiling and laughing.
Joggers in a race on a cold day.
A homeless man is lying on the ground with his stuff strewn around.
A dark-haired woman on her cellphone holds a little girl wearing a bright pink dress.
A woman is holding her neck and watching something.
Four women interact at a conference.
A young girl standing in front of a row of yellow chairs.
A child in a denim jacket plays house.
This is the image of six Asian children with tambourines.
Four children sitting in a pastel-colored classroom.
A Hispanic man wearing black is holding the hand of a dancing women who is dancing.
A woman wearing number 145 is running a race.
An ice skater holds the Korean flag while waving to the fans.
People are walking down a street with a yellow moped in the fore-ground.
A business event is taking place with an attractive blond woman smiling at the camera with her phone in her hand.
Mountain climbing down the side of a rocky cliff.
A man in a dark green jacket is hitching a black horse to a black pole.
People gathered around an olive vendor at a farmers market.
A woman from India origin standing while making yarn.
A lone fisherman is on his boat checking his net.
A young Indian boy is blowing bubbles with a classic bubble blower.
A woman sitting at a spinning loom.
A woman with a black belt is doing some form of martial arts.
A young girl doing crafts, while a few people stand around and watch.
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
Several people running a race.
Two young boys are playing the game "Twister" and have placed their hands and feet on blue and green patches.
A man is walking on a sidewalk that is under construction.
A woman rests on the curb of a city street while talking on her cellphone.
A group of people gather in a park during the winter.
A male snowboarder wearing orange and blue standing atop a blue table at a ski resort.
Two men, one pitcher and one umpire, are outside playing baseball.
While singing into the microphone the man in the black shirt plays an acoustic guitar.
A child looks at a lizard in another child's hand.
An old woman in headdress tills the soil of a field using a hoe.
A man and a woman work with a tool on a log.
People in a bus which is heading to 84 Peterson.
A person in a red and gold costume is standing behind a man in black.
A seven person called the sun chasers is playing outside with a sign asking for donations.
A couple kiss in front of a large ice heart.
Two people taking their boat out in to the ocean.
A kid with white jacket standing in snow.
A man in a white shirt and jeans using a chainsaw to cut down a tree
Speakers in a room full of people sitting in chairs.
A man and a woman, both holding packets, talk to two seated men in a well-lit lobby area.
A man speaking to a group of people.
A man in a green plaid shirt performing some karaoke with a guitar in front of a small crowd.
Man sitting on a stone with a backpack and a scarf around his next looking as to be sad.
An older man is painting a landscape picture that is on an easel outdoors.
Two girls are playing a sport.
A man in a white jacket is holding a boy, who is also wearing a white shirt, in his lap.
People serving themselves food at a buffet at night.
A group of people in a room talking and sitting in chairs.
A man places his arm around his girlfriend at a conference.
Three people in bodysuits are on the ground and appear to be screaming.
An Asian couple are standing by a fantasy poster.
A mother, her children, and their pet dog are on a beach and look like they are vacationing.
A young girl and a german shepard on a beach.
A man and a woman in colorful costumes are performing a dance at night.
The gentlemen with a snoopy jacket is painting the surrounding scenery beautifully.
A beagle and a young blond child wearing a number 96 tag at an event.
A brown dog shows his teeth.
Person dressed in dark clothing doing a flip into the snow along side the road.
A woman who is smiling is wearing a unique head ornament.
A child is staring outward from behind an iron latticed barrier.
Three people with their German Shepherds walking on a green turf.
Three people in coats walking along a snow strewn trail on a mountain.
Two men climbing on a wooden scaffold.
People in line with their skis at a ski resort.
Many people at a dog show in a stadium.
A woman on a bus that does not look very happy and the bus seems crowded.
One person in blue leggings enjoying ice skating.
A man wearing a blue shirt stands on an orange ladder to fix a light
A crowd watches as five dogs are judged at a dog show.
A sheepdog is being looked over by judges at a dog show.
Athlete throwing a javelin at a track and field event.
A man in an orange jacket is looking at stones stacked in columns.
Two women are eating food together.
A man wearing pants is on a rock climb wall.
A man walking around the corner of a red building.
A brown dog is trying to catch a flying disk but missed it.
Two people sitting on a rock in a city park.
Child and adult wearing winter attire riding bicycles down the street.
Three men in a small boat are being lowered toward the water.
A group of 4 people are walking along a path.
A girl with white and red makeup holding a red umbrella.
A boy is walking in the snow with his dog and holding his snowboard while an older man, presumably his father, follows behind in the background.
Two people carry their bags down an unpaved road.
Two young girls with long hair smiling with rosey cheeks, one with a red shirt, one with a white shirt while hiding behind a wall.
Two policemen are riding bikes on the street.
A female gymnast is upside down with her legs in a split position.
A brown-haired male singing while playing a guitar.
A woman who has just finished her dance performance3.
Black dog running through a grassy area.
A woman in a black sweatshirt is pouring liquid detergent into a washer in a laundromat.
Two males walking away from a bench.
An asian man is sitting down with wires coming down with a suitcase beside him with pictures of women on it.
A very young child is wearing a white costume around its head.
A man, wielding a knife, is looking at food on a rotisserie while others look on.
A man standing in front of an oven with bread in it.
Man in dark clothes as he stands in front of a lighted Christmas tree in the shadows.
Two females sitting on a stairwell in a mostly white tiled building.
A baker dressed in white with a hairnet works with dough using a long pole.
A baseball player prepares to swing the bat at a pitched ball.
A man examining what appears to be food in a kitchen.
A man dressed in black is playing the harmonica.
A woman in a black tank top and shorts walks along side water while listening to her headphones.
Two little girls are riding one bicycle.
A man in a black and white striped shirt sleeps on a concrete bench.
A child plays in the snow with a green shovel.
A woman with a backpack and a aqua green shirt with her hand on her head and her hair pulled up looking over a few hills.
Three musicians perform on a stage lit with red lights.
Four band members play on a red stage in front of a big heart.
A baby is sleeping and sucking his finger.
A woman is singing on a stage while a man in clown makeup plays guitar.
Two men in clown makeup are performing a musical skit on stage.
A group of people in a rush to get to work.
Walking home on a cold winters day.
2 infants, 1 in hot pink jacket and other in pink and blue flower jacket hugging in the snow.
Two boys in huge bubbles on the water.
A group of ladies walking along a sidewalk next to a blue and white wall.
In the Ikea store, a man sits on a chair.
An elderly man picks up pieces of broken barbie dolls.
A shirtless man is holding a face mask.
Little girl with brown snow jacket and purple snow pants is playing in the snow with a red shovel.
Two guys practicing how to do a handshake.
A woman is posing next to a cage full of stuffed sharks with cartoons painted on the wall behind her.
A young woman wearing a turtleneck and black jacket is smiling for a picture.
In a park scene, one man is jumping over an object on a skateboard while another man kneels with a camera to take a photo of the jump.
A true cowboy, this man holds on during an exciting rodeo moment.
A young girl in a long pink floral dress and matching headscarf is walking outside and carrying two large, filled, white cloth bags, one in each hand.
Man kneels on roof of car and helps unload wood.
Children are getting sprayed by a water sprinkler.
Pottery can be enjoyed by even the very young at heart.
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.
A neighborhood is covered in snow.
A man in a black cape faces off against a young boy in a tracksuit.
A man is standing outside of a house with a snow shovel.
One man pitches to a waiting batter as they play in a parking lot.
A group of professionals sitting around a table.
An older man tipping his hat while standing in a group of people.
Older women in a blue sweater playing the piano by the window.
Maintenance or construction workers on a work site on a busy city street
Three men weigh fish as they come off the boat on a scale by the coast.
A man in a red shirt is being serviced by a working old woman in a store.
Two women sitting on the floor making blankets.
Several men and woman dressed in orange vests walking down a snow-covered road in winter.
A skateboarder is doing a trick in midair.
Two young men wrestling each other in the middle of a field.
A woman looking at pictures in a photo album.
A man playing a guitar and singing with another man
A man is sitting on a bicycle laden down with boxes.
Men and women standing on a board and putting siding up.
A man wearing a gray shirt is feeling his beard.
A person wearing the clothing of a teenager and a backpack lies face down on a padded bench.
People sitting around a table with menus and wineglasses.
Three people standing at a shoreline holding a big net.
A girl walking down the sidewalk at night
A man is sitting at a table pointing while two females look at him.
A female singer is performing on stage.
One man takes a picture while another looks on in a foreign storefront.
Children sit on a wall inside a cemetery.
A group of children standing around a statue in a lobby.
A man and woman are standing on the stairwell
A group of men and women eating and drinking.
The dog owner attempts to retrieve the Frisbee from her pet.
Three men, dressed in rain gear are standing on the dock of a boat preparing to clean fish.
People hiking through an icy, hilly landscape.
A snow covered landscape with light fixtures and a red fence.
A man wearing a hat is behind the wheel of a white Propane truck.
A man wearing a coat and floppy hat pushes a blue shopping cart full of bags.
A man serves food to a boy.
A skier in a red snowsuit and white hat is holding a ski pole while standing in the snow.
A man with shirtsleeves rolled up gestures while speaking.
An adult lady wearing a tank top and a skirt is putting dishes in the dishwasher.
Two male children cleaning up leaves in a parking lot.
A man standing wearing a brown jacket and he shoveling the snow away from the walking path
A mother happily pulling her baby in the snow with a sled.
A man is playing a guitar and two women in short, white dresses are standing beside him.
An ambulance is near a pine tree.
Two women in skirts are standing next to a structure made of stone.
Two women looking at bread on a table.
A tall man dressed in a long-sleeved shirt, pants, and tall boots is sweeping in a yard.
A man and kids, receiving things from a woman.
A crowd of people is squeezing through the airport.
The child is sleeping while he is eating.
School children dressed in their uniforms look around at their surroundings in the classroom.
Many bikes are parked next to one another.
A farmer is taking his oranges to the market to sell.
A young man in standing underneath a Playboy sign.
A young, blond child looks out of a glass door.
A man carrying plants and herbs along a train track.
A baby plays chess as a cat looks on.
A man on crutches is reading the paper.
Children playing on the sidewalk near an adobe building.
A man stands on top of a construction vehicle.
A woman is dancing in leaves, while spectators sit or stand on the grass.
Man and women both vaguely clothed, with their arms interlocked between each other.
A male in a black and white bathing suit, looks like he's hanging in midair, getting ready to jump into a backyard pool.
Two men are skiing and the one on the right is laughing
Two men standing in the snow, one looking at the camera, the other reading a paper by a sign.
A group of well-dressed young people stand in front of a congregation.
A group of people wearing orange and black play various types of drums as others watch.
An unknown solider in green pointing to his right showing another man something
A girl in a blue dress plays at a playground.
A short man is giving a speech.
Two girls laugh smile as they wrap brightly colored cords into each other's hair.
Four Asian kids are sitting on the floor in a classroom.
Children playing in a gym with a canvas wall cover on one wall.
A class of students all doing different actions.
A group of young girls sits on a bus with most looking out the window while one looks at the camera and smiles.
Students reading their answers in the classroom
Two girls sit at a table with a green marker standing on its end.
Three young people standing in a crowded room.
A young Asian girl holds a stuffed cat toy in a classroom.
Asian students are examining sheets of paper while standing in line.
Asian high school kids doing an group activity in a circle.
People are walking inside a very tall, old building.
A group of young people all wearing red shirts and all carrying bags or purses.
A music band playing music.
Two Asian students are trying to piece something back together.
Two young students sharing their assignments in front of the class.
A group of Asian students playing London Bridges while another student lies on the ground.
Four students are sitting on the floor by a model volcano.
A dark-haired girl holding a racket in one hand and showing the peace sign with the other hand.
Four kids playing basketball in a gym.
A boy is looking on a strange purple object in his friends hair.
Asian school children presenting a group project together.
A young boy is taking a nap underneath a piece of cardboard that reads, "Connie Facial Tissues."
Two girls eating a meal together.
There are several Asian children sitting cross legged on a concrete floor.
Students are in a classroom, reading something off a paper.
A young child wearing blue jeans and a white shirt is laying on the ground along side cut-out paper trees and a sun.
Eight oriental teenagers in red shirts are sitting on concrete bleachers.
A toddler in a white hooded jacket holds on to the wall.
Three children are by a waterway behind a house.
An unhappy child with his eyes closed is touching the back of someones pants.
A hiker uses metal walking sticks to hike up a snowy mountain.
Five men in heavy winter attire sledding down a snowy hill.
Two people smiling while sledding down a snow covered path lined with pine trees.
A bull rider is in midair, falling off his bull who's back feet are high in the air.
A bull is charging a matador in rodeo, while three other men look at the animal.
A man wearing a blue coat and jeans eating a hotdog.
In this photo, a woman is on the phone smiling.
A large group of men are listening to a man with glasses sitting at a table with a strange pattern.
The dog is in front of some bushes.
A child with blond-hair is looking at a selection of cookies and brownies.
Two brown and white dogs in the grass near a stone structure.
Three people, each wearing pair of red snowshoes, relax in the snow.
An unhappy looking child lays in the grass at a park.
A girl wearing a pink skateboard helmet is riding in a skateboard bowl.
People in beautiful blue water surfing a nice wave.
A group of soccer players on a field, one team wearing black and blue uniforms, the other, red and white.
Young girl grabs low hanging phone while a man walks away.
A man in a button up shirt is playing the xylophone.
Brown dog crouching in grass looking up
Gymnast lying on the floor with one leg pointed up at the ceiling.
An adult woman and a young boy walking through a city in the evening.
A man is shaving his face while looking in the mirror with shaving cream coating his face.
Man standing on the street holding a sign
A small child in winter attire jumping in a snowy and wooded area.
Two women holding shovels are standing on a small hillside.
A group of people, mostly teenagers, are working on a city sidewalk, digging and cleaning up vines.
Female basketball players warming up before a game.
Sports team members practice and relax on a basketball court.
A baby is asleep on a blanket.
A man in a gray t-shirt and black shorts holding what appears to be his son.
A young man plays the piano and sings in a concert.
A group of people are sitting in a basketball arena watching a team wearing blue and yellow jerseys warm up.
A basketball game before it begins.
Two men are skydiving over a large blue body of water.
A swimmer in a blue bathing suit is smiling for a photo.
Three cowboys riding their horses next to a fence, in a dry grassland.
A horse or mule is pulling a man in a cart down a paved road.
A woman wearing a fanny pack is taking a photo of a red car.
A toddler banging a plastic hammer against a metal pot.
A man and a woman sit on a bus, but not together.
A large woman in a blue jacket is looking irritated.
Picture of a little boy on a sidewalk looking at a pigeon.
Two kids sitting at a desk while another sits in the windowsill.
A bus opens its door to let people on and off.
The brown dog is running in the water licking his nose.
Two guys on a couch, one is looking up the other is looking away with a cup in his hand.
A man sitting inside looking at the window washer outside.
A runner is about to run underneath this bridge in the fall.
The dog is leaping over the bar.
A worker is looking at her laptop sitting at her desk.
Children eating popcorn while sitting on beanbags.
A trolley car is passing through a city.
A man in a white shirt does work at a table.
A man takes a swan dive off a cliff while others look on.
A man is knitting own some machinery.
The girl is paddling a rusty canoe in the water.
Two man are standing next to a food stand.
A little girl in a pink dress lays her head on a woman's lap, sucking her thumb.
A man dressed in red is playing a guitar in a street.
A person wearing a blue and white coat rides a bicycle down the street.
Two women they are both wearing a dark blue uniform
Three guys wearing pajamas, two are sweeping the floor while the other watches in a classroom.
A sitting man playing the violin.
A woman in a black uniform is pushing a bright yellow mop bucket down a hallway.
The black dog retreived the white toy in the water.
A crowd standing in groups on cement area across from parking lot and building in background.
A guy getting money out of an ATM machine.
A woman sits in a chair and smiles while holding a sleeping baby.
Two young boys eating their lunch outside on cement steps.
Two women, one older and one younger, appear to be on board public transportation.
A person wearing a green shirt is jumping on the bed.
A nurse monitors a young child who appears to be post-op.
Construction workers are putting together a white canopy.
A person, wearing a red jacket, skiing down a snow and tree covered mountain.
A group of people are sitting under umbrellas on the beach.
A woman squats down to reach a bucket full of dead and skinned chickens.
A Young girl writing with a purple pencil.
A woman with glasses combs through her hair with her fingers as she writes in a notebook with a pen.
A man wearing a blue jacket happily displays his product.
A husky breed dog is sniffing a horse's shoulder while the dog's owner is petting the two brown horses.
Guy on bicycle with seeing eye German Shepard dog.
A couple people at a museum looking in the gift shop, potentially going to buy something.
A little kid wears some funny glasses that are way too big for his face.
A group of men and women who are looking at art in a art show.
A man wearing a straw hat is hammering something.
A large crowd of people sitting in the stands watching a soccer game.
A group of young children in a village with no paved roads.
A man and a woman are sitting on the floor, working with craft items.
A woman is smiling holding up a Spiderman shirt.
The craftsman sits outside working his treadle machine to braid rope.
A ballerina performing in front of a panel of judges.
A young woman is in a gymnastics competition.
A dancer performing with a hula hoop, with judges in the background.
A man holds up a small sticker that says "I am a photographer, not a terrorist" while standing among a large group of protesters.
A blond man is singing and playing guitar.
People look upon a monument where a speed is being given.
A large crowd is attending an event and taking pictures.
A blond woman in a loud print shirt raising her hand and smiling.
An asian man with a long white beard staring straight ahead.
A young girl sits in the fetal position in pain.
A man and women are on a bus.
A very young child makes a pouting face at an older male in a leather jacket.
A group of students working together in a classroom.
An old african american man with a cigarette in his mouth sitting with a machine in front of him.
A man outside of a mobile lunch van.
An older lady with red shoes, pink scarf, gray hat, and holding a bag, carrying on a conversation with an older man with red pants, green coat, and a green hat.
A man carving up meat for a meal.
An orange truck is seen as food trucks line up on a street.
Two elderly people are taking a walk down a tree lined path.
A group of people in front of a store window dressed in winter clothes in the evening.
A dog catches black Frisbee.
A young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond.
A woman is putting together a wooden object.
A man with his head close to a laptop pressing a button.
A teacher helping a little girl with a machine.
A small child uses a grinding machine while wearing safety glasses.
People stand in a park behind an ornamental boat.
A woman wearing a blue jacket is standing outside next to a bicycle.
Two men walking, one with a dog and a pooper scooper.
An older women in glasses and a white and black shirt working with paints.
Subjects eating a McDonalds meal along the street.
An elderly woman wearing a green jacket, and a red hat, holds her black shoulder bag as she looks on at a distance.
Boy in shorts bathing by hose in the street.
People in suits standing by a table with a red tablecloth.
A large group is gathered for a banquet.
Women standing at podium talking into a microphone giving a speech.
Three people sit at a table in front of a crowd of people.
Three people are sitting at a small table near a screen with the words, "DEMOS, The Business of Care."
Two men eeyeing three women who are looking at a product.
Two men are standing and talking to each other, one of them is wearing a shirt that says "summer school."
Three men talking at an entrepreneurs convention.
A man in a suit is speaking at a lectern.
A man is laying down in the grass.
A African American man standing with a blue wooden card with two wheels on a sandy beach.
Two tourists photograph a countryside and ruins
Young man in camo pants carries a large metal box walks along the sidewalk.
A woman browses through some ornaments.
An alley open to a couple of people walking by
Two workers sweep the sidewalk outside of their small shop.
A woman and two little girls are sitting on a concrete bench with their hands on their faces.
A man pokes a fire with a stick while smiling.
A boy jumps onto a large pile of leaves while a group of children and a woman watch.
A man plays mini-gold on the SportsCenter set while two others observe.
A black-haired female guitarist and a male drummer are playing in a large tent.
A young oriental boy holding a trumpet pointing to the right.
A person gets into a car parked in front of Swan Restaurant in the snow.
A man wearing a winter jacket is taking a picture.
A man in a blue shirt and black hoodie is watching another man, in a blue shirt, do something with electronic equipment.
Men getting ready for SXSWO to go live on the air
Nine female dancers wear tutus and use "Guitar Hero" guitars as a prop on stage.
A band is getting ready to play.
A band which includes an Upright Bass Player is playing in a tent in front of Canadian flags.
A group of young musicians.
In the crowd, there is a woman in a red coat at the bottom of the stairs.
A black dog playing with a green toy.
One man has a microphone, while a nearby couple dances.
Two people dressed in black facing away from the camera with skull bones on their jacket and backpack respectively.
A woman cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background.
Men working in dirty conditions with red fabric.
A man washes or dies clothes in a primitive setting.
A man riding a horse, competing to be number 1.
Four women are gathered in traditional dresses and are watching an event.
Many people are gathered around the street watching two street performers.
A band is playing outside on a stone walkway.
A woman and a man stand outside a store.
A team in red and black uniforms stand on each others' shoulders while crowd presses into them.
A brown and white dog leaps, holding a flexible Frisbee.
A man using ski gear is jumping through the air near a brick building and blue guardrails.
Woman with tear stained face at a piano.
People standing in front of a gray building with a sign that reads 'Tickets Available Here'.
A blond boy in a striped shirt about to kick a pink soccer ball.
Girl running in a marathon, wearing a black shirt with a white tank top, with the numbers 44 on it.
A group of runners finishing a race.
A man dressed in winter clothes cutting down a tree in a snow filled field.
Four people waking in the snow outside.
A group of people listen to man standing at a podium.
A woman at home preparing dinner.
A Volkswagen vehicle speeds through a desert landscape amid mountains.
The car left a huge cloud of smoke.
A group of people are sitting at a table and eating together, they are in a fine dining establishment.
Two children are sitting at a desk.
A brown dog is chasing a red Frisbee across a grassy field.
A construction site tearing apart a wall with graffiti.
A man and a woman talk to each other across a desk.
A man is steadying a diapered, blue-shirted infant on his knee.
A man wearing a long-sleeve, blue plaid shirt and tan pants kneels next to a wheeled cart in a garage.
A young, Asian man is seen playing his guitar.
Closeup of the side of an old woman's face with oversized sun blocking glasses, gray hair and a gold earring.
Two people walking on a street with barren trees.
A group of African children dressed in mismatched clothing sing and play instruments.
Bearded old man has discussion on trolley.
Two men stand by a truck and pieces of tree trunks.
A sky-view of men digging a hole through concrete.
A little Asian boy is wearing green beads and holding a green St. Patrick's Day balloon.
I young girl is blowing a bubble with gum.
Spectators are watching horses and their riders on a fenced path with a pond behind the path.
Woman with a red hat ice skates and walks her dog.
A man wearing a train conductor's uniform standing inside an old train or trolley car.
A worker rests his foot on the back of a trailer.
A man dressed in all green with his face covered by a bandanna is working outdoors with heavy machinery.
This is a woman playing her flute with sheet music in front of her.
Two young girls, in a kitchen, wearing aprons over their pajamas are saluting a man in an olive green shirt.
An extreme biker cuts a corner in the forest.
A group of people jumping away in a street
A young male is doing a bike trick on a bridge in the evening.
The future of snowboarding in the summertime with all the height and excitement you could possibly want.
A wakeboarder is performing a trick on a rail.
A skateboarder flies through the air while two people observe from a tall viewing post.
A girl dressed up as a butterfly.
A man in a bright blue shirt and khaki shorts holding a water bottle is walking down the path between two steep cavern walls.
A man wearing a yellow shirt is playing with his black poodle.
A woman is reading a book to two small children, one who is drinking from a cup.
Two men with shades talking on a balcony.
A woman walking outside while a gentleman rides on a motorcycle nearby.
A man is offering samples of food.
Three women are outside and one of the women is smiling.
A man in a white shirt is approaching a seagull.
People gathering at the front of the temple before they go to meditate.
A firefighter is shown trying to climb into some debris.
A dog runs on a field with its mouth open.
Students, and their teachers in a classroom going over material.
Two men on motorcycles, one with a silver helmet and the other with a black helmet, riding in a city, with a boy with a white long-sleeve shirt on, approaching one of the motorcycles.
A couple of boys are in a gym with partially assembled bicycles.
Two large cones are outside, in the street, in front of a large building.
Two gentleman standing outside a Smoothies &amp; Bubble Tea vendor.
A bearded man reads while sitting on a wall in a park.
A old couple is playing musical instrument on a street corner.
A child is pushing or kicking a bird with his foot.
A man is skateboarding in a city.
Rodeo people are walking out of a gate with a woman and boy following them.
A man is talking to men at a table.
A man and a woman discussing something over drinks at a bar.
A man waits to get a drink from a flight attendant.
A girl in a white knit hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces.
Two men are riding on a subway while reading books without wearing any pants.
A woman in a red jacket, with a hat and scarf on her head, selling her wears on the sidewalk.
A horse bucking a cowboy in a rodeo
A group of people trying to pull a tractor.
People walk and dine in front of a hotel.
A boy is pulling a little boy in a red sled through the snow.
A blond man with a backpack stands next to a pond.
A man sits in a big blue boat, looking at dirty water.
Two small children wearing outside winter clothes are shoveling snow.
A man and a dog on a park bench in the foreground, with a group of walking people in the distance.
Two people sit on a dock with a sunset in the background.
A man wearing an orange and gray jacket doing a jumping split in skis.
Two people wearing snowshoes jump into the air to pose for a photo.
A group of people on a bus or a train car.
A man in a suit standing next to a large painting surrounded by a large gold frame.
There are many people walking around and viewing things in the red room
A dog walking along a snow drift.
Man in heavy black coat smoking cigar standing near woman in brown jacket with a piece of paper in her hand
Young girl getting ready to rock climb.
Three young men are taking a picture of two girls at a bar with a camera-phone.
A professor is teaching a large group of students.
A man in the snow on a ramp working on an ice sculpture.
A monkey climbs over wires above a street.
A man in a white cap, standing in a field with a bat, about to swing at a ball.
A child smiles as she rock climbs.
A group of people stare in the same direction and one woman sits on another woman's shoulders to take a picture.
A man rides a horse in a parade.
Someone dressed in a gray top looks on as the bowl rolls down the lane on lane eight at the colorful bowling alley.
Two people fishing by a boat on the dock.
A man rests on the side of the road with his camel.
An electrician working on lights, possibly air conditioning ducts in an office building.
The man in the suit with pink shirt and striped tie gives a speech while others laugh.
A woman with a white horse costume and helmet enjoys hanging around friends.
A group of pedestrians walk down a city street.
A man in an apron is using shop equipment.
Two older men standing in front of a store of sorts.
A older man waits for a ride on the side of a country road.
Four older men are playing musical instruments in a park by a wall in traditional costume.
Someone in a red shirt stacking many animal hides.
Workers are preparing food for people to eat.
A baby in a yellow shirt smiles.
A red hatted man is controlling a red machine to clear out the road, with blue skies and green tress behind him.
Woman wrapped in blanket sits on bench and reads in park.
Many people are walking down a street surrounded by old buildings.
A construction worker in a red hard hat looking at a machine.
Three children dressed in winter clothes are walking through the woods while pushing cargo along.
A man in a vest stands on a quiet street.
A young person is playing guitar, behind them stands a very bright lamp.
Skier in orange jacket, standing at the top of a hill
A man throwing something into a river in the city.
A house party full of young people.
A man is asleep on a park bench.
Three teenagers dancing one evening on the street.
A young boy in a red shirt plays in a tree.
Two young boys are playing with two toddler girls.
A little brown-haired boy wearing a red shirt and blue jeans is carrying a green truck.
A man is standing in front of a mirror.
Two girls attempt to cross the street in a crowded Asian city.
A mother, teaching her baby girl.
A middle-aged man wearing a button up shirt reads a book about dogs to a toddler sitting in his lap.
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks.
A woman in a red shirt stands alone in a terminal, with three pieces of luggage.
A man is standing by a fruit cart.
A couple very excited about what is going on.
Two dogs stand side by side in the yard.
Eight people are shown in the picture in snow gear seeming to be skiing.
A brown dog is jumping on its hind legs.
A female in a violet shirt and black pants is the focus of multiple cameras.
A corgie walks on a thin blue platform.
A man sitting at the public laundromat waiting for his clothes to finish drying.
Workers in orange suits are working on a road.
Rodeo riding cowboy trying to keep on a bucking bull in an arena surrounded by rodeo clowns.
A black dog jumps up to a man's uplifted hand.
Athletes on a soccer field stand around each other
A man runs toward another man who has fallen during a rodeo competition.
A man in dark clothing stands amongst some gear wheels.
Two young women proudly pose with the snowman they completed.
A group of people in the snow, one is bending over to touch a snowshoe on his foot.
The two man is playing the softball.
Soccer players pause a game because a player in white uniform is hurt on the field.
Three soccer players standing on a field.
A soccer game in mid match, with a person in yellow about to get the ball.
Soccer player in maroon jersey standing next to ref in black
A man and woman in formal dress smile at each other as they dance at a party.
A downhill skier wearing a lime green jacket and a white helmet.
Next to a green field, young blond woman sitting outside on a gray trunk applying makeup to her face.
Three friends smile for the camera as they are eating an interesting foreign meal.
Two casually dressed men sit down and enjoy a beer and food outdoors.
Four kids sitting down two of them are sitting on a white cloth.
A young boy is walking across a pipe that runs across water.
A woman behind a glass smiling and holding the peace sign.
A group of people in formal clothing gathering in a church.
Two men standing near a piece of heavy equipment.
A woman shopper is pushing her stroller while looking through items on the shelf of the aisle.
A girl in pink pant playing in the ground.
An asian woman, stands at a checkout counter, holding money in her hand.
Three dressed up women walking on a gravel road.
A group of people is talking and standing next to a bus stop.
A college basketball game being played in the Big Ten Conference.
Two people jumping from a plane and about to release the chute.
Seven people walking across a bridge.
Young child getting ready to bowl a ball toward a pin while playing bowling.
The girl in the blue dress and hat is smiling.
A man is sitting down pointing and looking into the distance, there is beer bottles appearing in the background as well.
A woman walking down a crowded street
Three people in an open outdoor area have just landed from a skydiving drip.
A dark-haired woman hugs a blond child while a woman in a freen shirt watches.
A woman with short, dark hair is on the floor reading a book to a little girl dressed in a white dress.
A dad fixing a toy for his daughter.
A woman in a red t-shirt is carrying a blond child, while another woman stands nearby in the kitchen.
Little blond girl reaching for a basket of toys.
A small child wearing pink sits on a dark carpet.
Two men filming an older gentleman, while a fourth man watches.
A man camps outside with a tent and necessary camping gear.
Two people helping a gentleman across the water.
Here is a picture of Asian dancers performing a new dance in front of their class and teacher.
A man is standing on a subway leaning against a pole.
A young boy goes through large rocks in the mountains.
A boy in a red sweatshirt leans on a rock.
A group of people are taking a rest on their hiking trip.
A male wearing a red hat is sitting on a log in the forest.
A gyro chef in a white jacket and cap looking at gyro meat.
An audience sitting in an auditorium.
The new baby girl fell asleep next to her newly washed and folded clothing and blankets.
Two men in casual clothing are moving crushed blocks of cans.
A child wearing a blue coat runs along the snow while a small dog follows.
A woman climbing a mountain.
A brown dog is playing ball in a yard.
Three men in a crevice in a street.
Three men in yellow vests digging a hole in the dirt.
Two kids running a relay race.
A shrouded man coming out from a dark doorway, holding a skull.
A man hugs his infant in a hospital room.
A view down a narrow European cobblestone street with several cars parked along the road.
Two men in reflective vests walk by a giant picture of a man in a vest.
Two young boys hold a crying infant while both are sitting in the same chair.
A person is running a meat shop.
A girl and boy in blue jerseys passing a baton at a track meet in Asia.
Five elementary school children are running a relay race.
A woman standing on the street is conversing with a man on a truck.
A little girl is playing dress up.
A man and his father look very amused as the younger man in the blue shirt and masters hat hold up a barbie doll.
A couple walks through the rain with their child holding umbrellas.
A child wearing a red helmet, cowboy vest, striped shirt, silver shorts and brown pants.
Young child smiling after being buried in sand.
A person walks up a snowy hill with skis on his or her back.
A smiling woman sitting on a smiling man's lap.
A woman with blond-hair enjoying the sun in her flower pattern shirt flip-flops.
A dog running through a field towards a camera.
A heavy man wearing suspenders is sitting on a bench next to a huge balloon arrangement.
A group of people standing in a kitchen.
A girl with black hair and a brown sweater is cooking on the stove and has a big smile on her face.
A man and a dog are walking in the street.
A brown puppy walking through the snow.
Three men discuss a project along side a large yellow construction vehicle.
A man with a blue and white jacket, cap, and backpack, taking photographs.
Two older men talking on a sidewalk.
The man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign.
A police officer in the middle of a parade
A man with a beard sits on a rock as he watches the ocean wash ashore.
Four males on a stage playing various instruments.
A little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach.
A man is holding a guitar and speaking into a stand microphone
A man with a blue shirt is flipping burgers at an outside grill.
The people are marching through the street.
Railway workers attach a strap in order to service a car on an incline.
A man wearing a green shirt looks down at a cellphone.
A kid in a yellow shirt wrestles with a denim wearing kid on the white couch.
A woman and a young boy read a book together in a living room.
Two men in orange uniforms stand before a train and do some work.
Two people are walking towards a domed structure.
Dog carry leash in mouth runs through marsh.
A man wearing a red shirt reclines against a motorcycle.
A man shoveling his front steps after a snowstorm.
A woman sleeps in the back of a car.
A group of people trying their hand at ice skating on a sunny day.
Two woman kissing by a river in a city.
Man and woman stand behind large truck in front of yellow house.
Male and female soldiers unload Christmas gifts from the back of a van.
A man wearing a hat holds a silver pole on a busy sidewalk.
Two men working outdoors at night in the snow.
A woman wears her hair down and does not have her head covered like those around her.
A man in a yellow truck plowing snow.
A man in white snow gear is shoveling snow.
A person is walking through a snow covered street at night.
A child in a green cap sits at a boats controls.
Two Asian men work with dough.
A woman sings to a group of people holding their hands up.
Two ladies in winter clothes playing with a duck and snow.
A semi-circle of adults and children sit with a Christmas tree in the background.
People standing on the sidewalk next to the trolley and track.
A man with a tattoo behind his ear plays the guitar and sings into a microphone.
Hot air balloons are being prepared for use.
A woman in a black jacket grabs a cup of coffee.
The skier in blue is turning and creating a dust cloud of snow behind him.
A bearded white man in a beanie and yellow jacket stands next to a fallen tree while looking toward another man.
Two people in white hats look at a computer screen.
Four people in their 30s take a group photo at a bar, someone is flipping off the camera.
A woman leaning her head on a man's shoulder.
Two guys are in a garbage bin and three others are in the background.
Women conversing while tending their produce in a market.
A man in a blue jacket is pushing a bicycle loaded with a potato type vegetables.
Two men on scaffolding fix a blemish in a building.
Many dogs are swimming and playing in a fountain in a public park.
A couple walk up a set of stairs in the snow.
Two people in green coats and pants, wearing safety vests and carrying a stack orange cones.
A mother and her two children sit down to rest.
A heavyset girl in a striped dress with glasses is holding hands with someone while she is receiving some sort of medical treatment.
Man in blue shirt sitting on the side of the road with a wheelbarrow of vegetables
Four hikers are walking up stairs on a small hill.
A little boy in a blue jacket prepares to shovel snow.
A serious looking man in a tan coat standing outside while its snowing.
A young hospitalized child decorates her medical apparatus for the holidays.
A group of people in outdoor gear looking at a map.
A group of four hikers in the woods.
A big yellow van with a man standing next to it on the street.
Three musicians are performing together.
Seen from a low angle, a man in a tank top plays the drums.
A man takes a picture with his phone.
A bald man in a black hat wearing a black shirt with black shoes on stage playing a red guitar at a concert.
A small child wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor.
A man with a hat and blue jacket buying something at a marketplace.
A woman is making a clay pot.
A professor is giving a lecture to students in a classroom.
A man with a tennis ball playing with his dog.
A man covered with a red shirt and wearing sunglasses is relaxing on a porch with a newspaper.
Various people out and about in a public place on an autumn day.
A man in a white shirt adds detail to small sculptures.
Man atop bike pole sitting on bike having a cold drink.
A young woman with a gray shirt is looking at a brown piece of pottery.
A man dressed in full Santa attire, with beard and glasses.
A man stand in front of a brick wall with the city in the background.
Four people watching a man standing in the river
A boy in a red shirt climbed to the top of a jungle gym while other children play at the bottom.
Two Asian women browsing inside a store.
Two men, one holding a microphone, are talking while standing on a wood floor designed for an athletic event.
Several dogs brawl in an alley near a silver car.
Two young girls in red bathing suits swimming in the water.
A group of men are having their pictures taken on steps.
Man in an orange shirt and shoes stands among boxes while holding a box in his hand.
Two men of hispanic descent are working at the wood boards.
Men with black vests are standing in the back as a woman raises a yellow flag.
A man performing a skateboard trick, with streetlights and traffic lights behind him.
Three little girls are sitting at a red table with an empty green table in the background.
The group waits for their ride for the trip.
A baby sleeps on the floor with a stuffed animal.
A dachshund puppy jumps on a bed.
A group of people are sitting at a round table indoors, eating food.
A boy and girl are standing near a clown.
A group of people of mixed ages sit on a bus that features red headrests.
A man sitting on a green chair in an airport.
Waist down picture of a surfer riding a small wave.
A child is sitting behind a makeshift table.
Two boys and a girl doing schoolwork in a classroom with a green wall in the background.
A happy boy, jumps in the sand.
A dog running at the shore of a lake, hill in the background.
One of the band members playing his trombone.
Groups of people sit on the steps overlooking gardens and fountains.
A girl sitting on a bench.
Little boy sitting outside looking at lit up jack-o-lanterns.
A group of people are riding bicycles.
A father and his children picking out a Christmas tree.
Four men and a woman are singing a song at an event.
Men are driving away from a dock in an orange boat with an outboard motor.
A child plays with her father's boots.
A woman is picking corn, half hidden by the stalks.
A bearded man in green coat stares into the camera lens.
A brown and black dog running on a shore near the beach.
Two kids are sitting in a stadium.
A new baby still in the hospital, wrapped in blanket, sleeping.
A woman holding hands with a child who walks on a bench.
Two workmen are standing on a roof while they repair a chimney.
A man doing a midair kick at a karate tournament.
A man on a high ladder is painting the outside of a house.
A man and a woman are shopping at a large hardware warehouse store.
Young men and women shouting with serious looks on their faces.
A person spreading glue on the sole of a shoe
A woman sitting in the back of an SUV with food being prepared.
Man is a pink shirt is standing on the sidewalk.
A young boy wearing a gray sweater is coloring on a piece of paper with crayons.
Four people are sitting at a table having a meal.
People ice skate on a lighted space near a spot that sells alcohol.
Two young girls playing outside on the playground.
A man dressed as Santa Claus gets out of his Prius in front of Ruby's Diner.
Two little girls looking out at airfield with wonder.
A woman eats dinner with her dog as she sits on the couch and there are four lit candles on the table.
A man and three children riding a bike with four seats.
A man is sitting in front of his gray laptop.
An adult male and female balance on a seesaw.
A girl in pink is being pulled up with rock climbing gear by a man.
A guy is helping a younger girl rock climb with trees in the background.
Two pudgy, middle-aged women stand in a parking lot next to an empty shopping cart.
A man and a donkey carrying straw walk along a road.
A proud father with his child and dog is sitting in a lounge chair outside, and looking at his son.
A dog runs through the woods.
A person wearing a white garment with a brown vest is standing next to a carpet where a man is reclined next to some items.
Two people jogging on a path.
Six people in white hard hats walk on a walkway covered in snow.
A rollerblader performs a toe grab off a curved wall.
Two women with hats are walking away from each other with their luggage.
An older woman is checking her watch.
People crossing at a stoplight in front of a big building.
Here is a man who is protesting against bottled water.
A child in a pink coat is standing in the middle of a pile of empty plastic bottles.
Two musicians in black playing a saxophone and trumpet around pine trees.
A woman wearing a red coat and striped pants is leaning towards a man wearing a black hat and smoking a cigarette.
Two young children playing on a statue.
A young boy is standing next to an open cabinet, and he is covered in flour.
Two scuba divers take an underwater photograph together.
A man i a mountainous region is working with a circular piece of aluminum.
A balloon vendor stands in the street while motorcycles drive by.
A man in a black shirt is removing his work gloves by a red gate at a construction site.
The person wearing the red hard hat is on the mountain.
Two children are enjoying baked goods while sitting in chairs next to one another.
This marketplace features multiple vendors selling fruits, vegetables, and other items.
The senior citizen, wearing the tracksuit, is skateboarding through the park.
A man is using a broom outside of a store.
A group of people sitting down to a meal in an old wooden building.
A group of people are in front of a food truck.
A young girl in blue in a swinging outside with her eyes closed and hands off the swing's chains.
An adorable young boy is having a good time.
A group of people watch a man standing on a stool dressed in a thong.
Children stand under an umbrella in a river.
A little girl in pink is standing next to a little blond and is looking at cards.
A man dressed like late 80's movie Batman.
Three people wearing life-vests are paddling along in a canoe on a small river in a marsh.
A woman in an apron is looking for bread.
A group of children holding butterfly cutouts in the air.
Children are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background.
A woman wearing blue clothing shows a picture book to several small children.
A little girl in jeans and a blue shirt sits on a swing.
A kid trying to climb up running through a skateboard slope.
Two people in white tops and black aprons.
A little girl stands on a cobblestone street and watches bubbles.
A bearded man enjoying a hot bath.
A cleaner in a one piece mops the floor in front of his tricycle full of supplies.
Two boys are talking while one is sitting on a mule.
People at some type of outdoors fair.
Man in scottish garb in a parade
Two women walking wearing all blue in a field.
A soccer match is getting ready to start.
Two kids play on the road while their parents wait and sit on the bench.
A white wall with pictures with a little boy looking at them.
A man in uniform directing traffic as people cross the street in a crosswalk.
A small white dog is running across a grassy field.
Four men on a soccer field while the sprinkler is on.
Guy in white fuzzy jacket plays guitar while a man in purple button up sings.
Five people in a race are walking next to each other.
A couple is getting ready to take wedding pictures.
A choir dressed in all black is performing for an audience.
A man is singing with a clown just behind.
A man stands behind a bar which serves a number of kinds of beer.
A black-haired man gets a haircut.
A man in a yellow outfit watching some men play chess.
An old man and old woman are inflating a hot air balloon.
A man, wearing glasses, is rock climbing.
This man is asleep on a bench.
Two men pulling on a net near shore with waves crashing the background
The Fire Department is on the scene to assist in an accident.
A woman in a yellow shirt is dancing barefoot on a shiny surface in front of forestry.
Children playing on a roundabout.
Lumberjack in his security red jumpsuit, gets stylish with his orange hard hat as he cuts down the trees.
Several people buying empanadas from a small empanadas store.
A man and woman in black exiting and entering a kitchen, maybe for a St Patrick's day party.
A man sings while a red-haired woman waits her turn.
A boy trying to convince a girl to come with him into the store.
A family in a log cabin setting up for a birthday party
A man with a large plant reads a newspaper about how someone (besides him) is an idiot.
A young boy runs past a graffiti covered wall.
Men are working outside and one is climbing on top of something.
A bearded man shows off what he just cooked.
Two workers in hard hats work on machine in close off area with barbed wire.
An old man is selling fruit.
Pilot in a cockpit in a green vest about to flip a switch.
A lady carrying food crossing a bridge.
A man turning around and smiling as he walks down a busy street at night.
A woman in a blue shirt is sitting on a curb.
Pedestrians strolling about a plaza in front of a large building.
Chinese citizens walking through the square.
Group of people in the wilderness packing boxes full of food.
Girls in knee pads and rollerskates stand together.
Smiling toddler wearing a blue shirt smiles while sitting on a swing set.
Three ladies with cloth looking at a phone.
A black guitarist in a yellow tracksuit and black fedora sits on a public bench playing his guitar.
Woman wearing a stocking cap, standing in a subway tunnel.
A man on an elevator looks at the mirror on the wall.
A person taking pictures outside in the snow.
A woman in a black and tan jacket, tan hat and red pants has just putted a golf ball.
A kid diving into a public indoor pool.
Little girl jumping up to land on a yellow circle at a splash pad.
A man reading a late night book on the couch.
A bearded man with dreadlocks in an orange shirt has tribal face paint.
A girl in red and a man in black dancing
There are many people shopping at clothing store that sells Carhartt.
A man is sleeping outside on hard stone.
A dog is standing in the snow watching the camera
A man is standing on a metal roof spraying red water hose.
A young girl in pink is playing with a pink toy on asphalt.
A man stands near a pool with his gray shirt partially pulled over his head.
A man in a white shirt is clipping another man's hair.
A boy gets his haircut by another boy with friends watching.
A man wearing a gray shirt is getting a haircut.
A soldier and his daughter are buying lunch.
A girl in stripey socks sleeping on a green sofa with red pillows.
A riot breaks out in the streets of an Asian city.
A man in a gray shirt gets his hair done with people standing around him.
Young women in colorful costumes raise their hands in happiness.
Man outside in the rain promoting a 50 % off sale.
The black boy in the gray t-shirt is shaking his hands.
Three men are gathered around while one is operating a camera.
Black male wearing Run DMC t-shirt giving another black male a haircut
Young man gets haircut by another young man.
The child is using chopsticks on overturned kitchen items.
A person in a white t-shirt is jumping in front of a lake.
Two hockey players are waiting for a puck to be dropped by a referee.
A man with long hair is playing a guitar.
A custodian mops the wooden floor of a classroom.
A man in a blue-checkered apron is using cleaning products to sanitize a surface.
A bearded man gestures with his hands in a kitchen.
A group of people walk on a trail through the forest.
A man hitchhiking with a bag on has back.
Two women in light blue shirts place a stone tile in a garden.
Several hunting dogs gathered together as a crowd watches.
Four bearded men sitting in a restaurant smile at the camera.
A large group of people are looking upwards.
Men sit at a table with name tags and in front of a large sign.
The hockey players and referee are preparing for a face-off.
A woman in a tan coat is sleeping on a man with glasses.
A man in a black hat with a green stripe plays the accordion.
A young girl wearing purple jeans and a purple jacket is standing on her arms and legs with her back toward the ground.
Some people are waiting on a sidewalk for fresh food.
Men in red pants marching with sticks in their hands and bright lights going off around them.
A shirtless boy in flip-flops is riding a wheelie on his bike.
A bearded man wearing a beret working on a project using fire.
A man with no shirt jumps of a ledge into the water.
A man is standing with his eyes closed and smoking a cigarette.
A local band has a gig in a hall
A man playing flute in front of a blond woman
A woman in a black and white dress conducting a choir.
A person in a black shirt is unloading items from a truck.
Firemen are putting out a fire in a trailer.
A man plays an organ grinder with a toy bird in a cage.
A group of people are talking and eating.
Asian woman plays music inside of a subway station.
A boy with a guitar sleeps next to a concrete structure.
A young woman with black hair and tall white boots is posing in a short dress with a white background.
A man with a backpack is walking down a pier next to the water
A man in a blue jersey and blue baseball cap prepares food while standing at a counter in front of a window.
A waitress at a restaurant is cleaning a table.
A man and woman are standing together as she smokes a cigarette.
Four people harvesting in a field.
Two older women are sitting in chairs talking to each other.
Men wearing colorful jackets are around a landed helicopter.
A man is having a walk with his dog during sunset.
A child watches intently as a woman uses a MacBook laptop.
A large crowd sitting at tables inside a large tent.
Two men in black are running through a forest.
A little girl eats a hotdog with her hand.
Man walks his dog over interesting surface.
A California Golden Bear quarterback falls to the ground after he throws the ball to his receiver who is pursued by the Stanford defense.
Several customers shopping for vegetables in a farmer's market.
A Native American person with missing teeth, a red hat and a red wrap or blanket, is smiling.
Two young children are playing.
Two boys, one wearing a red Chiefs sweatshirt, plays near a shore.
A man grimacing while using a motorized toothbrush.
A boy surfs on a yellow board across the bright blue wave.
A man in a gray shirt has his arms raised.
A child examines a chunk of rock through that of a magnifying glass.
Two dogs playing with a ball in the snow.
A boy holds a blue stick, as a man holds a pinata above him.
One man painting a floor blue wearing only pants and a hat.
A little boy prestends to punch another kid in the temple while they are eating lunch.
Man in a pinstriped jacket is working with an object.
A guy and girl on rocks fishing in a body of water.
People on a sidewalk are trying to protect themselves from the rain with umbrellas and a newspaper.
Three men in matching reflective uniforms gather in front of a decorated wall.
A middle eastern guy selling stuff street side.
A woman and a dog are in a field of bright green grass and brilliant blue sky.
A couple cutting the cake with an audience.
A solider wearing a hat is getting his picture taken.
Two woman with umbrellas run across the street in the rain.
Three young men gathered at a table with drinks having a discussion.
Cowboy rides a horse in a parade as onlookers watch from the curb.
A man, wearing a suit with a name tag, is speaking into a microphone, while standing in front of a video presentation.
A man giving a presentation in front of a projected image.
Some kids are gathering leaves and putting them into trash bags.
A woman walks in front of a movie advertisement.
A man in a yellow suit climbs over a broken fence while another man looks on.
A man in a sweatshirt is waving flags.
A man in blue shorts and a man in teal and orange shorts harvest a bale.
People are crowded around a dilapidated bus on the street corner
A brown car is diving down the street, while people cross at the corner.
Many women dancing on a brown dance floor
Two dancers, one male, one female, are doing a routine in a dance studio.
An audience are watching two seated musicians and a speaker standing at a podium.
A woman is crossing the street, the camera's view is from between two buses.
People are eating food in a busy restaurant.
Young girls weave corn stalks into elaborate designs.
A woman wearing red speaks through a megaphone while walking in front of a banner.
A man in a green and white striped shirt carries a large basket on his shoulder.
Two men wearing white shirts and ties are having drinks.
A man in a baseball cap is creating a sculpture of a man.
A guy meditating on grass with his eyes closed
Someone walks along a lonely pathway in a nearly abandoned passageway.
The small brown dog is leaping over the brick wall.
A guy is jumping in the air while a group of people stand around and ignore him.
Three women in jackets are crossing the street.
Two boys are thinking of what they want to buy and two boys picking up money they dropped.
A cook preparing lunch in the kitchen.
A woman in a black coat is putting makeup on in a train.
An African man sitting on a bench is drawing a picture.
A man in dark swimming trunks is playing with a boy in red swimming trunks on the beach.
A young woman is balancing on a raised platform.
A man covered in tattoos stands in the middle of a stage dressed in white pants while three others stand in front of him.
A singer performs on stage at a concert.
A man in a red jacket wearing snow gear is midair on a snowboard with a red structure in the background.
A chef seasoning newly baked popcorn by the window.
A young white man wearing glasses is shaving his beard with an electric razor.
Several small children are playing basketball.
A man wearing blue jeans and a vest is laying down on a city bench next to a beer bottle.
Two blond ladies sit on a sofa drinking wine.
A man is holding a violin while singing into a microphone.
A blond performer is standing on stage in a white outfit.
A man in a red sweatshirt is talking to a group of children in the forest.
A little boy wearing blue shorts and yellow shirt is pushing a stroller.
A woman and her child wheeling a smaller child in a stroller on a brick path.
The little boy has spotted the photographer from above.
It is a busy street in India where there are shops and people walk, ride bikes and go about their daily errands.
People in a market buying fruits and vegetables
Young child relaxing and enjoying a snack while sitting in a tub with her feet out.
A group of people in standing outside a building.
Two men stand in the road, it almost appears to be some sort of movie set on a sunny day in California.
A man sits at a messy computer desk in a white room.
Women in saris walk down a dirt path.
Black woman in orange dress shoveling grains.
A young child with mouth wide open for a large spoonful of food.
A man is standing outside the glass doors of an art center.
A little boy in a green and white uniform is running towards a red, black, and gold soccer ball.
A crowd of people at restaurant eating.
A dog with a shiny dog tags changes course of his stride
A man kneels on a dock while a dog jumps in the water next to him.
A group of children and adults who are all wearing blue backpacks are standing on a sidewalk trail in the desert.
A little girl is sticking her hand out to give marathon runners a high-five
A woman dressed in pink is holding a book in front of a veteran memorial.
A crowd of people attend an outdoor event.
Two men, one younger and the other older, stationed at what looks like a control board at an airport.
Camp leaders gather and organize information and young girls for their camp group.
In the background, there are 3 people on the shore among several canoes, and the young man in the foreground is paddling through the water, while wearing a life jacket and smiling.
One constructor worker lays down to rest while the other sits in a chair.
Man in a blue shirt with a mustache talking on a cellphone
Man walking past a bus stop with graffiti.
Two soccer players, one in white, the other in maroon, are playing and the player in white is going for a header.
A mature Asian man is standing in a gray hallway.
A ceremony with one man speaking and another man adjusting the robes on other person whose faces is partially covered being held in a mosque with many observers.
A woman painting another woman's fingernails a bright purple.
A woman is sitting in a brown chair in the center of a mall.
Old man playing saxophone on the street.
A man sleeping while sitting on a bus with his bag in his lap.
A man is trying to watch his television in a public place
Two adults are outside talking, while a little boy watches them.
Woman stretching in a kitchen while mixing ingredients in a bowl.
A group of Young ethnic kids performing a dance in traditional colorful outfits.
A man with white hair walking down the sidewalk.
One person is observing two people who are sitting on a brick bench looking through items taken from a yellow bucket.
Two men stand in front of a tan building.
Woman cupping water with hands over bathroom sink as child stands beside her.
Foreign militants or authorities keeping peace and order on a neighborhood street.
One old couple with their winter jackets standing in front of a shopping mall.
War veterans are attending an outdoor memorial ceremony.
A group of boy scouts are standing in an alert position.
A man is sitting on the sidewalk next to his shoe-shining station.
A man and a woman hold hands in a grassy field.
A man in a plaid jacket works with flowers.
A man in a sweater poses in his viking helmet while another man in a coat takes a picture with his camera.
A military ceremony is attended by boy scouts.
Two people sit on a bench overlooking a vast amount of windows.
A couple are blinded by the lights from a camera.
A couple in black coats is looking at the camera with pleasant expressions on their faces.
A male with a hat and glasses is standing around.
A man wearing a brown coat and latex gloves is looking at something in the distance.
A guy standing by an electric pole and posing while at work.
A backhoe is digging a trench outside of a building.
A guy is operating a bulldozer, and they are working on the sewer lines.
A man with a beard and black shirt looking at an envelope in an office.
A girl riding a pony with braids and pink bows
A man in a dark sweatshirt is sitting at a table with a red pen and a newspaper.
Here is a crying baby being held by its grandmother.
An outdoor cycling event with Braun markings on the walls, a cyclist run has gone wrong with his bike flying up in the air while others watch.
A man on a dirt bike in midair competing.
A group of people are gathered for a meal in business casual attire.
A man with his hand raised.
Two women smiling and talking to each other while they are both holding a can of beer.
A captain checks the life vests of his passengers.
This man is wearing a red helmet and flip-flops and driving a Spyder.
A soccer game is played by teams in blue and red.
Bald man in a shirt an tie standing around food and drinking wine.
An elderly man riding his bike with a large white building behind him.
A male kid skateboarding down a sidewalk wearing a white striped shirt and black pants.
A man shovels snow between two black vehicles.
An elderly woman sits a in cage with two brown and white rabbits.
In this picture we see a man cooking in a kitchen.
Men are kneeling around a board game outside on a tiled surface.
A worker in a hard hat is being interviewed.
A man in military camouflage and a dark green hard hat is holding a framed child's crayon drawing.
A group of villagers prepare for a rainstorm.
Soldiers stand in formation outside of a building, and one man dressed in street clothes stands near them.
Two men in the military and a boy posing for a picture.
Soldier looks at digital camera as a child with juice box looks at him through shades.
A woman holding a young child giving a thumbs up.
Two men in military uniforms stand in front of a truck loaded with toys.
Soldiers in uniform staring down at two little kids.
A group of children, standing in a circle, holding hands.
A man and woman are having a discussion while military members look on.
A group of woman stands near a group of Army men.
A child wearing a coat looks back at someone.
Two men are looking at the front of a snow shoveling machine.
A man looks at a woman as she rides a bicycle past him.
A large group of women, wearing pink shirts and black pants, have their arms raised with the right arm outstretched and the left arm bent inwards.
A white dog with a life vest accompanies a man in a boat.
The black and brown dog is running with something in its mouth.
Random people at an airport doing various things.
A young boy wearing blue plays in a room with a lot of toys.
Man and his sled dogs traveling down a snowy road.
A middle adulthood aged man is wearing a karate robe while, practicing with another masked individual.
A girl wearing safety goggles is smiling at the camera.
Bicyclist walks bike down a tunnel that doesn't allow cycling.
A young man looking at raw meat hanging.
A man with short hair and a beard is holding a baby.
Two brightly dressed women with hats are looking at something.
A dog in water with its head cocked to the side looking at a ball.
A clergyman sits in an old-fashioned wooden confessional.
A baby smiles at a woman across the table.
A sidewalk flower vendor preparing to scan a customers purchase.
An old man and two kids are on the porch looking over the railing
A man cooking some food in a kitchen.
Two male band members are playing guitars in front of a microphone.
One man is skateboarding while two others look on.
Two men use their skateboards in the middle of the street.
Two young people looking at a fountain.
A man is playing with his skateboard on a street.
A man with a black shirt on singing into a microphone.
A drum furiously hammers out notes on his instruments as he plays on stage.
A woman wearing a blue shirt typing on a laptop.
A vietnamese man driving a tractor through a dirt ravine while a woman rides on the back.
Five men in a laboratory are looking through microscopes.
A man in a white shirt leaning over a computer.
A man wearing headphones in mixing music.
A man is outside at a shoe shining stand shining a customers shoes.
Five hikers walk down the hillside.
A man in a black shirt, holding up a paper full of math equations.
An athlete swimming during a swim meet.
Front stroke swimming race roped off lap areas.
A group of swimmers are diving into a swimming pool.
A large group of people are running a marathon and being watched by spectators.
Runners race by while a crowd of onlookers watch.
A man and a woman are sitting on a bench reading books.
A per wearing a yellow shirt is walking down the street carrying a large basket.
Two older men converse standing in an old-fashioned, paved alley bordered with brightly colored buildings.
People in clusters of twos and threes stand around an outdoor fountain.
Two young children are lying on a porch in sleeping bags.
A man and women walking by a caution sign.
A Jewish man is holding the head of another man who has bent down toward him.
From one girl tackling another, I say hold on to your drink!
Some people resting near a forest and near a river.
A group of runners are pictured while running a marathon.
A girl in a bright outfit is playing in the leaves.
Old woman in the winter walking by a glamour store.
Runners in various colors running left of photo, with man in forefront waving at camera.
People running in a race on a street.
An old woman dressed for cold weather in a hat and tan coat with a cane holding a small piece of paper.
Guy in a yellow and purple outfit jumping off a set of stairs.
A girl in a cat costume looking at a book.
Some people are waiting in a line.
Black school boys in uniforms make deals with a white man under the garage door.
2 black girls in purple shirts sitting near a green fence.
A woman walks toward a janitor that's wearing a raincoat and pushing a cleaning cart.
A bride and groom cutting their cake.
Elderly woman sitting in a rabbit cage with two white rabbits on her lap.
A dog with mouth open to catch the red ball.
Six people on stage getting ready to take a bow.
Two boys in blue sweaters are embracing for a picture.
A man wearing a button-up shirt plays a flute while carrying a bottle and a large stick with many flutes on one end.
Three people in costume walking on sidewalk.
A man in a white t-shirt and jeans is using a wrench.
Workers at a Starbucks restaurant show off their facilities.
A man in a red shirt climbing a rock with his bare hands.
A couple and their children relax on a peer.
Two guys at the beach playing in the sand, with one friend attempting to jump-kick the other.
Three men are gathered around a fruit stand.
A man scratching his arm while a girl sits at a table.
A festival is going on in the streets.
A couple in traditional Dutch dress are dancing at a festival.
A Ukrainian man in costume performs a dance on stage.
Five young Caucasian adults are preparing food together in a dining room.
A man in a green hoodie is trying to do a trick on his skateboard in a park.
A boy is trying out his skateboard moves in the park.
Boy stands near laundry hanging out to dry.
Two people stand in front of a brick train station waiting for a train.
Native Americans performing a traditional dance or ceremony.
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled walk in the snow.
Four men float in a blue boat while cattle graze nearby.
A man, in a yellow baseball cap and sunglasses, is aboard some sort of boat on the water.
A jockey climbs a ramp behind his horse.
A man in a wheelchair is being pushing along the beach while two children play in the foreground.
Two people playing a game in an arcade.
A person in an elaborate mask holds up a torch in front of a crowd.
Boy sitting looking through a glass window at a train station.
A man on an ATV with two kids on the back.
A smiling hiker poses on top of a snow-covered mountain
A small group of people, including a bicyclist, prepare to cross a city street.
A man wearing a yellow vest works in the street.
A woman serves food on the side of the road.
Women talking while waiting for something.
A little girl in a red robe with a basket on her side.
A yellow balloon floats over a stone building.
A female in yellow wearing a surgical mask is holding an infant.
A masked woman with glasses is holding a baby.
A ribbon dancer is leaping through the air with her head back during a competition, green ribbon behind her.
Lady doing a gymnastic move while bending backwards and holding a purple ribbon.
Two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a party.
A man in a green shirt is taking a spin class.
Many men in yellow shirts and one woman in an orange shirt taking a spin class and smiling.
A man wearing glasses is shaving in a mirror.
Two people in rain gear are leaf blowing in the grass during a raining day.
A man in a lime green vest directs traffic
A blond climber with a white shirt is scaling a stone cliff.
Two people rock climbing.
A man climbs the side of a mountain.
A man hammering nails on a shed.
A person is driving across a dry terrain on an All Terrain Vehicle, wearing mostly green gear.
A construction guy with his hard hat on is talking on the phone.
Two boys are running around a girl lying under an umbrella.
Two men talk while sitting on a park bench.
A young boy is blindfolded with a mask and hitting a pinata while a young woman and toddler watch.
A father is cooking breakfast with his daughter.
The person in the blue shirt and blue hat is riding a white horse.
Two people looking out the window watching radars.
A man in black talking to a woman on the street.
Woman on cellphone running in the snow.
Many people in a room filled with halloween decorations.
Three teens are talking near a wall.
A man with glasses is taking a picture of a train.
A boy with a blue t-shirt laying on a bed.
A child is standing by a pool with a pole to clean out the pool.
A person dressed in red and black outside a cracked wall.
An elevator in a mall is in front of a yellow and green wall.
A baby showing it is very tired and sleepy.
A man uses a blowtorch on a test tube while students look on in the background.
A gentleman using a torch to seal a runner to a grate.
A man wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surface near a forest on a hot day.
An older couple smiling while standing in front of a big building.
Three boys are struggling with one another and reaching for bag of litter.
A couple is posing for a picture in the field.
People in costumes warming up in front of a fire.
An asian lady in a red jacket taking a photo
A small group of teens walk down a street together dressed displaying hand gestures and wearing tights and miniskirts.
People standing around a dimly lit bar socializing.
The white and brown dog leaps into the air, above snow covered ground.
Man working on beige carving while wearing yellow ear protectors.
An elderly man sitting on a folding chair and looking into the street.
A black man wearing a knit hat patterned with snowflakes smiles slightly.
Two Muslim men sitting on their stall to make some money with that business.
A man playing guitar and a woman wearing a glove.
A child is standing on a walkway with the sun to her back.
Two people in suits are going upstairs.
2 police officers at a suburban home taping off a police area with yellow tape.
A couple of officers on a scene.
Two people are communicating while sitting at a bar.
A woman looking at a man's computer screen.
A man with a guitar has wires placed on his fingers to track their motion.
A construction worker is resting for a bit.
A man is playing a special guitar and looking at a television.
A couple are seated together and viewing a computer monitor.
A man with a beard sits with a guitar that's opened up, and wires exposed.
Two children are eating ice cream on a bench.
A male and female chef watch over the meat and corn they are cooking.
Two football teams competing in a football game outside.
Swimmer doing laps in a pool.
A group of construction workers are walking.
The band is performing on the football field.
Three girls standing outside, one girl is crying.
Two men wearing black shirts are sitting behind their own colorful drum sets.
A woman trying to create an ice scripture.
A military man walks in front of a procession of people during a parade.
Cars parked on the street at night.
A man who is in a train, thinks he is a conductor.
A woman is ironing in her home.
The boy in the black and yellow mask is talking with the man in the blue shirt.
A man sits with his head down on a subway.
Looks like a man transporting a family, consisting of a mother, a father, and a son, to some destination
Two men dressed in white shirts are standing at a party.
People sitting on chairs in a room with one person standing.
Two elderly men sitting against a blue wall with their canes.
A person in uniform is standing in front of a toll bridge.
Two young girls in skeleton costumes attached to a leash.
A shirtless man is using a roller to paint the ceiling white.
Young entrepreneur giving a presentation using two mac book laptops.
Women in colorful foreign clothing talk in a market next to a bread stand.
Two shadowy figures standing under a bridge, two cans at their feet.
Three children rolling down a green hillside towards a parking lot where a woman is getting into a white car.
Man hanging out of the window of a train wearing a black jacket and hat.
A man lies in a crowded street while people walk by oblivious to him.
A woman and two men play string instruments.
Woman in black dress holds a piece of paper in her hands as she talks into a microphone.
A man cleans the streets in front of a gated home.
A girl in a yellow T-shirt is jumping in a field on a clear day.
A child in a yellow shirt is climbing a tree.
A man in a cap with a goatee leans against the window and reads a magazine.
A woman shows emotion while on a microphone.
A man in work clothes and a white hard hat submerged in water.
Blond woman looking down over a wooden rail.
A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet.
Peoples talking with a big television
Two men in suits sit in front of a crowd while a man's picture is shown on a projector screen.
A father and son begin a fishing trip in a boat.
A man in a red shirt and in striped shirt singing each with a microphone.
Two older men present photos and discuss their lives.
A woman in a white and beige-striped sweater answers telephones in an office.
A woman is showing her fingers full of rings into the mirror.
A smiling girl with a tattoo on her wrist is laying down in the beautiful, green grass.
A man in a checkered shirt playing guitar.
Younger kids sitting and lying on the ground around clothing and trash.
A crowd of people talking at a bar.
An Oriental man with glasses and a colorful vest is walking down the street with a girl with blond-hair.
A workman dealing with water spraying all over.
An elderly woman is picking up a tree branch off her stone porch.
A man in a hard hat looking up at something.
A woman and a man pointing to the left are on a street corner in front of a green store that sells tobacco and magazines.
Two men are talking as four kids run by.
2 little girls drawing while listening to a band play at a bar or restaurant.
A boy in a yellow jacket holding a red pot.
Two children are sitting while one is standing over them.
A girl in a striped blouse sits on a bench near a pay phone.
People on the street are coming to check out the women's table.
A man in a green sweater holds a round, decorative pillow.
An indian man in a mustard jacket is shoveling a lot of snow.
A man irons fabric while smoking a cigarette.
Three people inside of an airport waiting for a flight
A lady with brown hair holding a box with a carved face on it.
Fisherman at the market weighing their catch at the end of a long day.
Actors in costume are posing at an event.
Rodeo roper on a house, attempting to use a pink rope, to capture a young bull with horns.
A man gazes upwards while others watch him on a city street.
A young buy kicking in his karate gi next to another child.
A man wearing a mask in a cluttered room.
An Asian man and woman are seated a table, the man on a laptop, and the woman with a mug.
A group of africans running away from something.
A rumpled-looking man carries a bundle of logs in front of a jungle.
A shop on the street selling vegetables.
This man is skiing in the white snow and going through a course of some kind.
A street performer dressed as a pirate in public.
A woman runs down the street in a marathon.
Six people appearing to be planting something in the ground.
A man in a white apron and gloves stoking coals under a large fire in front of a wood pile.
A person is walking on the night street under neon lights.
Ethnic woman in traditional clothing sitting on the ground by artwork designs in chalk.
An odd looking boy is enjoying himself by touching hay.
Two firefighters spray water from a black hose.
A woman dressed in layers tending to farmlands.
A woman with a red no sleeve shirt with black shorts is running.
A group of guys are not he football field playing football.
A woman and a young girl walk along a wall with the numerals ninety-six adorned upon it.
A fashionable black woman sits on a train.
A football player is looking down at a football during a play.
A football kicker attempts to make a field goal.
Relaxing under the hut as someone walks by with a fruit bowl hat.
Football players are lined up on the field.
Three people are looking at sculptures made of rocks located on a body of water.
An older man and women having dinner
A man is dressed in a white wig and beard and purple robe and many people are watching and taking pictures.
The children are focused on the gray object.
Looking down from the top of a cliff, a man is climbing the cliff wall in an attempt to make it to the top.
A man is sunbathing next to a pool with a waterfall fountain.
Two girls sitting in brown chairs with beverages on the table.
Asian man in colorful attire writing in his traditional language.
A man is sitting on the side of a sidewalk with a paper in his hands.
Comical man pushing his fist against a broken concrete tile.
A young couple, both blond, female in red plaid jacket, carrying a designer tote, wearing brown boots, crossing a busy city street.
A little boy with a backpack approaches a stone archway.
These students in class are sitting down doing work.
Two men are standing underneath a waterfall.
A man and a woman stand at a street vendor's food stand.
Older white male smoking a cigar
Asian man in orange suit and with glasses examining a young girl.
A woman is blow drying a young boy's hair in a hair salon.
Five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th Annual Longboard Classic.
A German shepherd leaps in midair.
A man and a woman in an orange cloth walk down a dirt path.
A man in a gray stocking hat lights a cigarette while holding a pop.
While sun is setting, boy is blowing bubbles by rocks new lake or ocean.
Two dark-skinned men, one of them with a knife, stand in front of some foliage.
A man with a mustache and turban draped around his head is situated in a tree with a tool.
Two workers working on putting up lanterns.
Five young women are gathered together in a room with green and blue chairs.
A teenager with striped sleeves playing a guitar.
A man in a tan hat is sitting next to green shrubbery and looking out over water.
A little boy and little girl on a porch look at something.
A young man in a red shirt is doing tricks with a skateboard.
White male sitting at the table with a beverage.
Boy walks past man in orange overalls who is sweeping garbage from the street.
A man wearing a scary mask in a show.
Two black poodles playfully tussle on a grassy, manicured lawn.
A happy man in a blue collared shirt is typing on his computer.
A man and woman in Middle-Eastern dress are running down a street.
A young blond boy brushing his teeth in front of a mirror.
Two black boys sit in fishing boats with their casting nets.
Young muscular African American man, cleaning a fish, shirtless.
A man stands in the snow as the sun sets.
A girl in a black shirt playing a carnival game.
A man not wearing a shirt dancing by himself with his eyes closed.
A young boy in school uses scissors to cut paper.
A woman with dark hair and a blond woman in a bathing suit have cocktails on a patio.
A man and woman are singing on a stage.
A street vendor tends to his stand with lots of kids toys and items.
The brown dog has an object in his mouth.
A man sits in his car, with his arm resting on the door.
A man is wheeling a gurney full of medical supplies.
A bird is flying through the air while children are playing on the beach.
A young boy wearing baseball clothing getting ready to pitch a ball.
A group of seamen are walking along a sidewalk in a line.
A group of people are in a van.
A young dreadlocked woman is on stage, singing and playing acoustic guitar.
A woman is holding a black sign at a street rally.
Marching band members dressed in black and blue play the drums and other instruments.
A marching band playing for the crowd in a parade.
An adult with an infant strapped to chest walks in the forest with another child in tow
A man standing in the water.
A group of people playing an assortment of instruments while walking down the street.
The musicians are playing for the crowd.
A man in a green shirt is standing in front of a stand selling a product.
Man directing traffic as a telephone worker performs his job.
Little guy in brown and gray hooded sweater pushing a manual mower in a fenced yard.
A woman on a Segway standing with some men in a crowd.
A worker is at the top of a telephone pole, working on the wires.
A person has one wheel off of a bus while tinkering around the wheel well.
A man wearing a turban on his head is on his knees praying on a mat.
A male vendor waits for customers to order beer.
A group of three boys are playing soccer while an adult man looks on.
Two women walk through the streets playing a tuba and a cello.
NYPD officers watch people on a boardwalk near the beach.
A man is walking a white dog on a leash in a park setting.
A group of musicians performing are surrounded by the public watching.
A gathering of people watching other people playing some instruments.
Someone suspended high on a wire near a large metal structure.
A man and a woman on a motorcycle .`
Two women, one with a baby in a stroller, are talking in front of a stopped subway train.
People in coats are watching a game.
Four men making a presentation while approximately eight individuals listen.
A little boy flinches as a deer kisses him on the cheek.
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
A child smiles while holding a flag while others sit in the background.
Three women wearing business clothing standing in front of a window.
A girl in a pink dress steps carefully over a puddle.
Two older men and one older woman sit around a table while talking.
A man is playing with a baby on a deck.
A man lifts up a woman in dance as their pose for a picture that is being taken.
A volleyball player is jumping to strike the ball.
A man in a jacket works atop a set of stairs.
Two men in black jackets sitting on object talking.
A man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and doesn't notice the quirky poster on his left.
A little girl standing in a bathroom brushing her teeth.
Two men are aboard a speed boat sitting calmly in the water.
A group of young students are posing in front of a sign.
A white dog with a sweater on and a black and brown dog touching noses.
A man wearing an official yellow shirt is watching traffic.
A girl in a white top is sitting by the pool.
Military official greets children who are waving American flags.
A woman in a green burqa and sunglasses walks down the sidewalk between a road and a fence while pushing on something.
Two girls cleaning and one girl acting a fool.
An older man asleep on a train car with the reflection of other passengers next to him in the window.
A woman wearing a brown hat hugging a child.
A few people wearing green outfits carry a large staff that looks like a cross.
A woman is sitting in front of a computer.
Seven people are riding bikes on a sandy track.
Three boys say hello as they navigate the waters.
A man with a tattoo on his arm plays the accordion.
Cheerleaders are performing on a football field.
A man in a white shirt playing a white guitar on a stage.
A woman in a flowered dress carrying greens.
A man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt.
A little girl hugs a performer in a Stitch costume.
Two men are riding down the street on a bicycle next to a gray building.
A man is shaving in the mirror in a silly fashion.
People that are walking in a urban area in a large city where there are concessions.
A small white dog stands on one leg to catch a ball.
Here is a group of people waiting outside for the wedding to be over and start the real celebrations.
Three workers in bright green vests, taking a break.
A woman with black hair and a red plaid apron preparing food.
Six people hiking in a snowy landscape.
A man, wearing an official jacket and hat, is leaning against a rail while reading a newspaper.
We have to think about this and it's your fault.
A lady wearing a black hoodie is standing near an old rusty truck.
A man is jumping on a bridge made of stone near a mountain.
One man is using a mop, while two other men watch from the background.
Five boys wearing jerseys and caps play flag football outside.
White man holding a paper plate with some food wearing a brown shirt.
An Asian man cooking meat over an open grill.
A man painting murals on the sidewalk.
Placing my faith in the tattoo man.
Man in tan shirt and blue jeans doing a back flip with bare feet
The fans are cheering while the rollerskaters go by.
An older man reading a newspaper sitting aside some plastic household goods and cans of paint.
The waitress is placing the cake on a table at a gathering.
A man is working in a mine or cavern of some sort.
A man in glasses talks to a woman while shopping for orange juice.
A man with blond-hair looks on as a woman in a garish costume dances on stage.
Two young boys engage one another during a game of flag football.
A man wearing a gray jacket standing on the side of a street.
An old woman with a cart full of groceries.
A man prepares to line up his shot during pool at a pool hall.
A railroad worker working on the rails.
A woman in red plays a guitar and sings while couples dance.
Two ladies are walking in the street; one of them is carrying a big load.
A woman and a young girl are eating side by side.
A group of people stand around a man sitting at a sewing machine outside.
A woman sits on a mat surrounded by red fruits.
A young man with a Mohawk begins to jaywalk across the street.
People stand on the balcony and deck of a boat.
Four men dressed in white play saxophones in front of an audience.
A glass blower shapes a bottle with a furnace in the background.
A man in a rural area using farm-like equipment in a swampy environment.
A man marches in front of two lines of people in uniform.
A boy climbing a mountain.
Two guys are sharing headphones and are listening to music on a subway.
A woman checks her purse while at a outside cafe.
A young woman in a pink shirt is sitting on a porch, weaving with a loom.
A naked person standing on a rock.
A man walking down a sidewalk with 2 dogs on leashes.
A girl is standing and another one is sitting by a tree
Revelers participate in the Chinese New Year parade with fireworks.
A man in a formal outfit grilling or maybe cleaning his grill.
You have two boys playing soccer with each other who are both going after the ball.
A woman is exposing her belly while holding a beer.
Five attractive women wearing black mini-skirts and red tops leaning on a red car.
A man tries to sell fruit in a busy street.
A wide eyed guy in a blue jacket is holding a beer and standing next to a guy holding his nose.
Four people standing outside of the white house.
A dark-skinned man with a turban looks up along with others dressed in their native attire along a dirt road.
A group of women fill out some paperwork.
Three ladies with scarves around their heads digging up dirt.
Indian women discussing their task on a dirt road.
A shirtless black man is pushing a cartload full of goods.
A man is shining dress shoes.
A black man in a hat sitting in a chair in the sand holding a net.
Women in sari examine a graph.
Three Middle Eastern people going through a bunch of glass bottles.
People from a foreign village gathering resources.
A woman in a white shirt stands at the entrance of an ethnic goods shop.
A bride and groom dancing at the reception.
A man pulls a cart piled high with items.
A musician in a black hat is playing a keyboard.
A group of seven men perform on a stage with microphones and guitars as several young men and women dance and look on.
A man is dancing in front of a band.
Two females dance together in front of a band and a banner which says "Live in Concert."
A guitar player with a black hat, performing on his knees.
Band members playing with the drum major lifting up his drums to attack another member.
People dancing inside a room where there is a small concert happening.
A skier shrugs from behind goggles at an experts only sign while snow covered mountains fill the sky in the background.
Four men are playing instruments and singing.
A band of people sing in a party
A man in a black vest playing the drums.
Person in a plaid shirt standing in a crowd of people in front of a band.
A group of people are partying inside a building.
Two men in dress shirts and holding microphones sing together.
Two men, one in black, one in green and denim, on a dance floor.
Man in blue suit with megaphone walking in front to people dressed in blue robes
A woman is walking past a Western themed gun shop.
A teenager and a younger kid are talking at a gathering in a park
An older man is sitting at a cafe relaxing.
A man with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street.
A man wearing a glove and grinding a piece of metal.
The man is reaching across the table to get more food.
A group of young people put their hands to the air in a live concert.
Two men stand on a street in a city and the man on the right points at something.
A surfer riding a small wave.
Dressed-up participants throw confetti and candy from a float during a parade.
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.
A girl with a red wig smiles as a lot of people dressed as clowns walk by.
Two men are making an announcement on a balcony.
A little girl, standing by the side of the road, is watching a little boy as he sits in the street.
Four men talking by a truck.
A man grins and holds up a white coffee cup while sitting near a tree.
A man is resting on the ground with a cup.
A young man in a purple American football uniform is attempting to allude the tackle of another young man in a white uniform.
A construction worker stand by a large truck and orange cones.
A man in a white sailor outfit and several other people pull at ropes on a sailing ship.
Two very well dressed women are standing next to each other.
A trick rider wearing a bright green outfit carrying an American flag riding a paint horse with green riding gear.
Scuba divers are examining a wrecked airplane.
An old man reading a paper in a restaurant.
An elderly disabled man is sitting on a chair holding a bottle of water.
A young girl at a park wonders loudly if the water at the fountain is recycled water.
Five young, handsome men hanging out of scaffolding.
A group of six caucasian men are standing on scaffolding laughing, drinking water, and taking pictures.
A woman brushing her teeth.
A blue truck with bags of cargo on the roof is headed down a road.
Man looking around in an art gallery.
A man with a gray jacket and white hat bending over watering a garden with a water container.
Three people are looking at merchandise of a jewelry kiosk.
A man in a blue hat and plaid shirt is repelling down the side of a rock face.
Man in a blue shirt playing with ropes in a wooded area.
A single male wearing a long-sleeve white shirt riding a dirt bike.
A tan dog on a leash walks in the snow.
A man with white hair and a long white beard is eating.
Women are standing next to a produce stand.
A man with a pea green jacket, white hat, sunglasses and a cigar walking down the street with other people around him.
A group of people dressed up for halloween.
A young woman is sitting on the floor practicing Arabic letter formation using an inkwell.
Skater sitting at the bottom of a skate bowl with his board.
Two people sit on a bench enjoying nature as a huge cloud looms overhead.
A man in a blue shirt is cutting up his food.
A man with a camera on his neck stands outside a cafe.
A woman is peering into a cooler of ice cream.
A woman wearing glasses and a black blouse holds a ladle and a bowl in her hands and clenches a plastic fork in her teeth while standing in a kitchen.
A mother and her two children bonding over dinner.
A crowd of people appear to listen to a speaker while a man and a woman talk behind them.
Two women sit behind their booth at a street market.
Two people wearing uniforms and carrying bags are walking down the street with a wall in the background.
A man photographs a mountain meadow, with peaks in the background.
Two white canopies with men standing under them while one man is walking away.
A woman in a green shirt is holding her face.
A young boy dressed in white shorts swims underwater with his eyes closed.
Three ice hockey players in black play outside.
A group of people, at least two of whom are drinking out of wineglasses, are standing in a hallway.
People sitting in a room talking to a panel.
One man is kicking a board out of another man's hand.
A bride and groom walk on a path through grass while another couple follows behind them.
People are waiting for the subway on the outdoor platform.
A man doing a headstand in front of orange and white barricades.
A woman jumps over a park bench while throwing leaves in the air.
A woman holds small boy on a couch.
Two men in a red uniform and a blue uniform combat in karate in a gymnasium.
A dark-haired woman is looking at an Apple laptop computer.
Person on bike holding a shovel next to a woman in a green shirt with a laundry basket on a dolly cart.
Small girl plays on top of a black iron machine.
A group of people wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking through a wooded area on a trail.
Sveral young man jumping down the street
Two people are on the street, and one has a cello while another is holding an accordion.
Four students posing for a picture inside of a classroom.
A street musician sitting playing guitar with an open case and a sign reading "TELL ME WHY MY MUSIC SUCKS".
An older man tosses plastic bags down a staircase, attacked to a plane.
A brunette woman in a blue satin costume holds a sledgehammer in the middle of the woods.
A woman soldier in glasses hands out an object to children.
A woman is leading an oxen pulled cart, with a man walking beside her.
A crew is getting someone ready for bungee jumping.
A construction working on a foggy day up in the air on a lift.
A middle-aged man in a suit sits on the floor against a wall while reviewing his notes.
A group of hikers walk a path that leads from a sandy beach towards a hill.
A man making balloon animals on a city street.
The man is standing upside down on the bottle, with hands on the ground.
A man in a blue shirt works on a bicycle.
A woman wearing a white lab coat is holding her jar up with a white glove.
An Asian bicycling food salesman waits at crosswalk.
A man in jeans and a blue checked shirt heats metal using blacksmiths tools.
A man without a shirt on is riding a bicycle.
A crowd of people sporting umbrellas stand in front of a red building.
A pretty female news reporter being filmed for a show.
The bicyclists are getting ready for the race, grabbing for their bikes, their ultimate tools for pounding their way to the finish line in this race.
A woman with sandals and a gray shopping cart buying grocery's.
A man in a red tank top is meditating.
Black kitten eating a moth and a leaf.
Two guys, one in a yellow shirt and one in a white shirt, are playing with a Frisbee.
Asian woman holding flag with costume dragon in the background
A man riding a quad through the mud and he looks very happy.
Airline customers await their luggage at a luggage carousel.
A woman with glasses is sitting in front of her laptop in a library.
Man in suit sitting next to wall of VHS taped.
2 people with backpacks are at a table with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it.
A man wearing a yellow and black jumper is doing acrobatics.
A group of people walk in front of a mountain.
A woman in a purple shirt carries three full shopping bags.
Gray and white dog with red harness and leash going over a stone wall.
Person in orange clothing lying on a wall
Female in a maroon shirt engaged in conversation with another female in a tan blazer.
A man prepares to put on a sandwich board advertising an Ebay business.
A young man goes air-born while his skateboard spins underneath him.
Two martial artists wearing protective gear fighting inside a gym.
Two guys, on in a maroon sweater, the other in a light blue, are shirt sitting around playing video games.
Looks like students are in a laboratory.
Three girls playing basketball, number 35 holding an orange, white, and black basketball.
A man wearing a flashlight on his head has his hand in a rolling case with wires.
Spectators watch, and one snaps a photo as a man jumps off of a bridge.
Two people sitting at a bar having a conversation.
Man in brown jacket with his arm around person in black jacket at flower shop
A firefighter preparing to put a car fire out.
Three men at a table while one looks on holding his martini.
Several bicycles parked and a couple walking together.
Woman in red coat buying something from a street vendor.
A boy in a green and white striped shirt looks exhausted as he is running
A young boy with light brown hair putting his face into his meal.
A white female is outside in a market looking at fruit.
The big, black, running dog is wearing a strap around its chest.
A little girl is wearing pink pants.
A man in a blue jacket and pink shirt is singing and playing the guitar
Two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field.
Three smiling women dressed in black are following a fourth woman with tattoos around a rope.
A crowd of people outside of a chine's temple.
A man with a hat and suspenders is walking through cornfields toward a silo in the background.
A large black dog has his paw on a small brown dog.
A man and a woman read in a church.
Asian Greyhound buy traveling somewhere.
A small group of people basks on shingle at lake or seashore.
A man in a yellow excavator on a construction site.
An organ player is seated and playing inside of a regal church.
A man in overall jeans working on an old train.
Four men in tight outfits, three in blue and one in black, adjust their clothing while standing on a paved surface.
Construction man paving large concrete steps.
A man in a purple shirt playing a drum in front of a crowd of people.
A cowboy is showing off his mule next to a horse hauling trailer.
A Japanese woman cleans a building from a museum.
A ballerina in a black dress and tights dances in front of a concrete wall.
Three men fish at the edge of a concrete barrier constructed along the shore.
A chubby man walking down the sidewalk.
The dog is wearing a red baseball cap, and has its mouth wide open.
A woman playing along with a little boy on an accordion on the front door stairs.
A man is approaching a parachute that he might just have used to land on the ground.
A man is fixing a ladder to climb up and down.
A street vendor in a red shirt and white hat selling Italian Ices from his cart.
A young woman is on a moped in front of a cafe.
A mountain biker clad in protective gear clears a small dirt mound on a track while an audience watches.
A collection of vegetables sit in baskets.
Five people are spaced evenly along one side of a trough full of pineapple in a large field.
Boy in striped t-shirt walking along a ledge.
Two employees look on as another employee is tossing dough in a commercial kitchen.
Boy in green hat reacts to historical spot.
A group of people are riding on a rocket-themed amusement park ride.
A woman is representing the University of Phoenix at a display table.
A woman, carrying several multicolored buckets together, is poking boulders at the water's edge.
Girl in red shirt and white tennis skirt returning the tennis ball.
A woman in a white dress and white shoes playing tennis.
A girl in white is playing tennis.
A man in a white short and shorts hits a tennis ball.
Two male firefighters with white helmets standing in front of a building.
A little boy giving a little girl a comforting hug.
Four people with hats sitting and eating on a bench.
A man with a beer and hammer in his hands strikes something on a round platform in front of him.
A young child playing with a volleyball near a body of water.
Two big brown dogs running through the snow.
People on a crowded subway car.
Spectators dressed in bright colored clothing watch as man dressed in white pants and barefoot blows a ball of fire.
Two little girls reading and a baby listening.
A young man in a white shirt holds both his hands above his head.
Two children are sitting on the sidewalk.
A person dressed in a red hoodie sitting on a bench with their head down and hand over their face.
A guy walking up the stairs holding a briefcase and a book.
A group of young Asian women smiling for the camera.
Twelve children gather in an outdoor, tropical location.
A young boy raises his hand, as other young kids laugh in the back.
A group of children, with adult helpers, work together.
Three children, wearing green, yellow, and blue uniforms, are sitting and standing near two women.
A security guard standing alone by a building wall.
Upset woman in a blue dress walking in a city.
A man in a red dress coat riding a white horse in sand.
Students in a class are engaging in lab experiments while wearing goggles.
Man in blue and yellow watching a Jumbotron.
A boy wearing a blue t-shirt, khaki shorts, and sandals runs outside.
A woman sits on a blue bench reading a book.
A man and woman are sitting at a table in a restaurant overlooking mountains.
A man is pouring something from a can onto a sandwich.
3 men are sitting along a walkway.
People are buying food from a temporary food vendor.
The small dog is leaping in the air toward the woman's hand.
A man dressed in medieval clothing sits on a medieval type cart.
A young girl in a black dress is holding a red flag and covering a happy expression.
A child with play gear is adventuring outside his house.
A young man in a rodeo arena wearing cowboy garb on a horse carrying a rope.
A man is hanging on a horse as it jumps around.
A woman is standing near the water, looks to be throwing something.
A man Rollerblades across a yellow pole at night.
A child sleeping as a person holds a book.
Mature male with a gift in his lap while a young child opens another gift.
One redheaded lady and a brunette hair colored lady are standing close to a water fountain.
Vendors in Europe, a man and a woman preparing for a day of selling vegetables and fruits.
A brown and white dog is standing on its hind legs reaching for a ball.
A few men are sitting around a table.
A man in a checked green shirt is sitting down and looking at his hands.
A walmart worker wearing a white coat.
A group of people is crowded around some stairs by an amusement park.
A hiker is climbing up a snowy mountain.
The man carries a large backpack while hiking through snow-covered terrain.
Woman climbing a snow covered mountain looking at people behind her.
A woman sticking her head out of her tent on the side of a snowy moutnain.
Three utility workers on a telephone pole.
A glowing bust sits in the middle of a round table with papers neatly laid out.
A man and a woman are sitting on a bench and are playing stringed instruments.
A man with gold necklaces, a red jacket, an earring, and eyeliner smokes two cigarettes at the same time.
Two people at a party or concert
Young adults consume food and drink next to laundry machine.
Several people are holding containers of alcohol in a room.
A man and a woman standing outside a house next to an audio speaker.
Two girls are talking at a party.
Girl in red and black shirt sitting in front of a keyboard performing with other band members.
A man in a green button-down shirt sings into a microphone.
Musicians are on stage with their instruments as a row of people stand around in front of them.
A band is rehearsing in their garage.
A young man in a black jacket and black cap is playing a trumpet.
An older male barber shaving another man's face.
A man is holding a baby wrapped in a towel on his shoulder.
Two people kissing on a yellow cable car.
A balding painter working on a piece on the street in the daytime.
Two men act out scene while dressed in character garb.
A flight attendant is serving goods to the plane's passengers.
Baby being fed food on a spoon
A group of young females wearing blue tank tops and white skirts all doing a synchronized cheer.
A man in a red shirt is playing pool.
This person is about to put paper into a copy machine
Brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth.
Six girls are dancing in a line at a sporting event in a gym.
Man dressed as Darth Vader playing a violin on the sidewalk.
Several Israeli men standing in the middle of a busy intersection.
Boy in a red shirt climbing up a block wall.
A man and woman are preparing a mixture in front of a row of bikes.
A person is standing in a costume on a street.
A man in a blue shirt singing while a girl in a black dress plays guitar in the background.
A dog running with something in its mouth
A man is suspended in the air on cables while doing some work on a building.
A Man holding flowers while a dog sits in a bicycle crate.
A man and a woman, both pushing strollers with children in them, are stopped and looking at each other.
A windsurfer surfs on frothy waves.
Splashing through the churning seas, a parasailer hangs on to his tow rope.
A man and a woman repairing something.
A lady wearing glasses and a blue shirt with a shoulder bag is about to take a picture with her camera.
A little boy is shoveling snow.
A man and a woman on a farm field behind 2 bulls.
A guy in a plaid shirt walking with a black bag hanging from his shoulder.
A surfer wearing a wetsuit and using a light colored board catches some air.
A tennis player demonstrates a two-handed forehand shot during a match.
The picture is of four men playing at a outdoor wedding.
A blond child eating a cupcake with blue frosting.
A young girl with a missing shoe is held by a woman in white pants with a black top.
A man is riding a blue motorcycle.
An action shot of a volleyball player spiking the ball.
Children and their parents climbing a metal tower.
Two men surf on a small wave with a city in the background.
A surfer rides on the incoming waves along side the beach.
A woman in a yellow shirt with bright orange hair dispenses from a beer tap.
An older woman scoops food out of a pan.
Two girls sitting in the grass wearing hats eat snacks.
A man is playing the accordion on the sidewalk in front of a store.
Two older boys and two younger boys are looking out at the water while on a boat.
Two bicyclists ride past a brown field.
A man is taking a photo of a couple standing next to a sculpture outside.
A group of men play chess poolside.
A man who uses a cane walks over the white lines of a crosswalk.
A group of kids walking down a rad holding balloons.
Young girl reads the description of park statue; there are trees in the background.
Two young men sitting at a table and smiling.
Man in a colorful sombrero and poncho sitting on the grass with 2 goats and a lama.
A woman in pioneer dress is sitting at a table.
A man and woman kissing at a train station.
A girl in a white tank top is motioning for someone to come closer.
A man surfing on big waves with a watch on.
A bike rider with a blue backpack peddling across a bridge.
An older man wearing a tan coat is riding his bicycle down the street.
A woman is riding a bicycle towards a red light.
A man plays outside with two dogs, one of whom is trying to catch a ball in the air.
The group of young people are in a bubble bath enjoying themselves.
A man stands new a saw with a white mailbox in the foreground.
Three people leap across a tarp, with a jungle background.
This is a group of women attending to some baskets filled with items, possibly seeds.
People sitting on the ground watching a sunrise or sunset behind a mountain.
A fashion designer is working on his one of his designs at his studio.
Artist on street corner selling his artwork.
Small children throw hay over a wire fence towards a brown horse.
A server at a diner cleaning countertops.
The children watched the young boy write on the orange paper.
A young child plays on an electronic device with a stylus
Two women in identical dresses and shoes with different colored hats sit on a bench with a hedge in the background.
A child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball.
An elderly man in a black jacket and blue shorts sitting on a bicycle.
A man bathing himself in a fountain.
A Mariachi band performing in the back of a restaurant.
People with walking sticks hiking near the beach.
A bunch of dolls sitting on a table with a little girl in a blue sweater standing behind them smiling.
A girl standing on the beach is holding up a dead octopus.
A man wearing a white shirt and a hat, riding his bike, makes an obscene gesture to the photographer
There are two policemen standing by three elderly men.
A black woman in a white shirt and red flip-flops is holding an octopus.
A little boy is playing with some trains.
A man in all blue working on a train.
A person is riding a bike in front of brick buildings.
Sleeping African American woman holding her sleeping son during a train ride.
A small group of men are having dinner and talking.
A woman being carried by two police officers from a crowd.
An older woman is holding a small child.
A woman wearing a blue top and white pants working in a store
A group of people talking outside at night.
Camels rise to take a passenger off of a white sand beach.
A man in a blue shirt and baseball cap holds a small African boy.
A woman in a blue dress is sitting in front of buckets of hay and grain.
A blond man in a striped shirt talking on the phone while relaxing in a chair.
A dancing couple is performing a dip where the man is crouched nearly to the floor.
A nice contested catch during an ultimate Frisbee game.
A child is standing in the middle of the water with his arms raised above his head.
A child in an orange sweatshirt holds up a sandal and smiles.
A native woman is surrounded by baskets of fresh fish that she is selling at a local market.
The dog chases the birds in the field.
A black mine rides a big tricycle with three large barrels strapped to the back.
Man jumping over other men with a group of onlookers.
Man in black pants, white shirt playing a flue as a lady in pink dances
Two dogs playing with each other.
A young child in blue sweeps the floors like his parents.
A woman is sitting next to potatoes and vegetables.
Two men are leaning out of a window and looking at something to the right of them.
Man in white looking down read with two men in the background.
A man in a white cap paints a building with its white awnings while looking at it.
Two children with blond-hair are playing on a blue slide.
A man rowing in the front of a canoe in a large body of water.
Sitting in a beach chair watching the water.
A bicyclist is focused on his ride as he passes a lake surrounded by hills.
Three teenagers unloading a truck with watermelons.
A man is holding a blue fishing net in front of some rocks.
A man drinks a beer while conversing with a woman.
A street busker wearing a top hat is performing with fire in front of a large crowd, some seated and some standing.
Protective padding at the ready for some type of gearing up.
A man on a bicycle is outside a bicycle shop near a row of bikes.
A man is playing guitar on the sidewalk near a building.
A short-haired man wearing a blue shirt talks to a group of people outside of the pueblo house that has a white door and a balcony.
A fireman strings emergency crowd management tape.
An old woman in a cloth hat is sewing some fabric.
Two working men take a water break.
A young girl in a pink shirt sitting on a dock viewing a body of water.
People are watching a street performer doing tricks with fire.
Several people are shopping at what looks to be some kind of street market with cars and graffiti and street art in the background.
Man dragging a boat through the mud.
A couple napping in the grass in front of parked cars.
A sidewalk artist crafting their newest masterpiece with chalk.
A smiling youth in a blue shirt is posing on some outdoor stairs.
People walk along a sandy beach on a clear day.
The man in the gray shirt is trying to fix a toaster.
A man is waist deep in a river casting a net.
A dog walking along the side of a house in the snow.
A woman gazing out over a railing from a walkway.
Man in black shirt and Bugs Bunny tie shows funny face with condom over head.
A view of a straight road with a woman jogging along the side.
A football player is pursuing the opposing teams quarterback, who is about to throw the ball.
A man in a mauve suit jacket stands near a ship's wheel.
Male working on a tea pot sitting on the floor of his garage.
Two dogs in the snow.
The brown and white dog carries a very large stick across the snow.
A dirt biker is riding through some sand as spectators watch.
An Asian girl is drinking a cup of coffee in a restaurant sitting next to a bunch of red flowers in a pot.
Bunches of men are helping to catch fishes.
Bare chested man with ball cap sits in an outdoor work shop
Three people stand at a red cart.
Two mosaic workers in white jackets work on an elaborately designed tile floor.
Two middle-age men with blue shirts talking.
Various fruits are available at an outdoor market in what appears to be India.
A man in a black helmet driving a red ATV.
A young boy, wearing blue protective gear on rollerskates is hunched over on one knee.
A fleet of small fishing boats coming to shore.
Two men dressed in a camouflage uniform attempt to fix a motorcycle while a third man stand in the background.
Two men, one holding a cigarette, sitting at a table outdoors on the street.
A female teacher is pointing something out to a young female student seated at a school desk.
A crowd of people is standing outside next to a street.
A man standing next to another man accepting a check for 10,000 dollars
An older blond lady in a white shirt crosses the street.
A guy in black shirt is drawing on a wall
Commuter reads the paper while riding on a boat.
The two dogs are fighting outside in the snow.
A group of brightly dressed people celebrate at a festival.
There is a group of people standing outside a small building in a village
A man sells fruit on the street from a cart.
A slender man wearing rolled pants and a striped white and blue shirt walks on sand.
A man running with no shoes on his feet.
A group of children and adults play in a pool on a sunny day.
A man and a woman walking down a snowy path.
A man laying on the ground with his arm under a car white a little boy is watching him.
Several people are standing in a field wearing deployed parachutes.
A man in a white shirt uses a blackboard as others sit at a table watching.
Lifeguards teaching swimming lessons to local children at pool.
A woman in black and red listens to an Ipod, walks down the street
Someone flying using a bright red and black parachute.
A woman in a blue dress and rain boots mops the cobblestone street.
A man is smoking a cigarette and holding a honeycomb.
A cop, and two females pose for a picture next to an officers vehicle
A crowd of women stand together.
A blond woman in a black shirt poses with a yellow star and a book.
Nurses look at a book about pediatrics.
Two nurses are looking at items in a cart.
Two young nurses display toys for children to play with.
A doctor and nurses in a hospital standing behind a cart
Three people are riding in a carnival twister ride.
Three female workers in a medical facility looking at printed material.
Nurses in a medical setting conversing over a plastic cup.
Four registered nurses dressed in smocks peer down into mobile bin filled with miscellaneous items.
2 white ladies in casual clothing.
A group of women are standing together in a line looking at books.
A woman who is working try out the new yellow jacket
A blond-haired doctor and her African american assistant looking threw new medical manuals.
A group of people are gathered, posing for a picture.
Law enforcement that is riding in a large tactical for truck in an urban area.
Women in blue skirt in-front of a trees
Two men are stepping on rocks to cross some water.
Line of people waiting to checkout at a store.
Three people in special operations gear cross the street near a crime scene.
The armed SWAT officers guard the cordoned area while inspecting a backpack.
A man does mechanic work on a dune buggy.
A man riding a bicycle up a telephone pole.
A large number of people are standing in lines at a fast food restaurant.
A woman playing with her dog on a beach.
A man in uniform is holding a large camera by the ocean.
A person holding a "Boombox" on top of a bus, or boat.
A man with black hair has a yellow pencil behind his ear.
Three men work under a hot sun.
A line of men leaning against a wall as a man with a backpack walks by.
The dog is wearing a pink sweater.
A mock sword fight in some Latin American country.
Two people wearing white are dueling while a crowd watches.
A younger boy trying to shave while an older man in the background is watching him.
Two coast guard officers out on a training mission.
A man and a woman are eating a meal outdoors.
A woman walks while holding a little boys hand.
Two young people are going down a hill on a slide.
Two children playing at a beach, one in pink, drawing in the sand and the second child, in green, standing in the water.
A man with sunglasses, a white shirt and jeans is playing mini-golf.
A man sitting in a room with blue walls while sewing.
A man in a white shirt is sitting by a white and blue door.
Young redhead, looking through a gold colored telescope.
Two children stand on their on hands inside a doorway, while 2 friends observe them.
People watch as two trains run on tracks.
Here is a picture of people outside waiting for the great lakes bus to take them somewhere.
An old man sits on a terrace in the sun.
A large group of people are gathered around two trains on the railroad.
A man sitting on a couch wearing blue shirt holding a camera
A man in a white coat stands in front of a market and coolers.
A man painting a deck next to the water.
Three women are sitting on steps and talking.
A man doing a trick on a bike while in the air.
Old man in third world country squats while working with a large hammer.
A young man carrying foliage on his back, climbing stone steps.
A male is walking outside in the rain.
A man in a yellow shirt does East Asian calligraphy.
A young girl has her hands in a tub of water with leaves in it.
A colored boy kicks a ball while two other boys watch.
A group of people in a small clearing of dead grass.
A boy jumps on the beach.
A woman in a green dress looking at another woman's ring on a street.
Two men in white and orange jumpsuits skydiving.
A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside.
A blond girl in a yellow and black jersey plays soccer.
Two people on a scooter wait for a man with guitar case to cross the street.
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.
A man with a white dress shirt shuffles cards next to a lady in a brown shirt.
Woman in a blue evening dress holds a microphone on stage.
Two men are atop a white surface within a cloudy waterfront setting.
An old man standing behind a basket full of green stalks.
Two men and a woman are standing on the shore of a river and throwing stones.
After a sandstorm, a maintenance worker cleaned debris from the historic ruins.
3 ladies jumping off a rock in the desert with mountains as a background.
About eight women in purple and blue dresses bow towards a man dressed in black.
A man with white hair and a white beard wearing a black suit looks at a paper in an office building.
Three children securing a sailboat to a dock.
A woman holding an apple standing next to a display of oranges, apples and melons.
Lady taking a picture in the mirror while holding her gear.
A woman in a brown coat and white scarf is walking on a sidewalk.
Two women ordering grains at a street shot.
Two African American men walking by a shop window containing a manikin dressed in a striped shirt and striped pants.
Two people with packs, walk in the distance on a beach toward the water.
A little girl in a bright green bathing suit is playing in the sand with a blue shovel.
A young man high in the air performing a bicycle stunt.
An old man in a plaid shirt and blue pants is looking in a telescope on a sunny day.
Two children in the street washing their faces.
A man wearing a hat, white shirt and sweater is kneeling on a rug.
Bicyclist riding their bikes across a metal bridge.
A woman is carrying a young boy who is holding onto a leaf.
With focused gazes, three uniquely dressed actors stare off-stage.
Three people in a pool making faces at the person taking their picture.
A man walks by a building at night.
Workmen and a tractor are behind concrete barricades and chunks of broken concrete.
A hippie is making two cappuccinos.
A woman wearing strangely colored clothing checks out at a convenience store.
A few children are playing.
A guy in shorts, a hoodie, and flips flops playing indoor putt putt golf and is currently at the "penguin hole".
A man watching a person diving into a swimming pool.
A man is welding something made of metal near many tools.
A man sleeping on a white plastic chair on a sidewalk.
An overweight man and a woman are outside listening to a thinner man read from a book on a partly cloudy day.
An overweight couple are dressed very casually to get married outside.
A brown dog wearing a key is playing in the dirt.
A man helps a woman with her fishing pole next to a lake.
Someone is slicing a tomato with a knife on a cutting board.
Hikers climbing a trail in the mountains.
A man walking away in the distance along a huge wall constructed of large blocks.
Two people leaning on a rock wall looking at the scenery.
A woman with fair skin and light brown hair playing the violin.
A man is playing a video game while another watches in the background.
Two workers help customers at the Sonoma Artisan Sourdough Baker stand.
People buying and selling fresh fish by the beach.
A young girl in a blue hat and plaid shirt stands in front of a chair holding a pastry.
A young male practicing tricks with his skateboard on a cement curb.
A group of tourists looking at a set of columnar ruins.
A man paddles on a blue boogie board.
Two children, in colorful outfits, playing in a field with a big rock in the middle.
A small girl is going to the school.
A young child flies a yellow kite while overlooking the ocean.
A native women displaying a decorative blanket.
A lady sitting at her table trying to sell her goods at an open market.
A woman offers bread to a couple of tourists.
This man in a red hat is sitting at the top of a mountain on a sunny day.
A person walks across a stoned path.
A lady with sunglasses on sitting on the top of a mountain beside of someone else.
An alpine enthusiast is looking down a trail.
A woman wearing a blue jacket and a blue hat who is drinking tea out of a blue mug.
A chaparral landscape scene void of human residence.
Two individuals are standing next to some supplies in a mountainous area.
A woman looking out at a view.
A young man wearing a colorful outfit and hat sits in a hut dwelling.
A woman is sewing linens.
People sitting and a dog standing near a large fenced in statue.
Two children are shaking hands in a crowded area.
The green-suited band is playing in the plaza in front of the church.
A photographer's view of a busy street.
Woman wearing a hat who is standing by a table by a brick street facing away from the camera.
A person walking in front of a white building with blue doors and windows.
A couple dancing alfresco dressed in turquoise tops, the lady is held up in the air with her hands stretched upwards.
A man fishes in the ocean.
Here is a picture of two men walking in and out of a police station.
An elderly person in a field of hay.
A little boy is playing with a yellow car on the sidewalk.
A person with a green hat laying down on the ground.
A woman with a red backpack is looking at Machu Picchu.
Two people with backpacks hike beside a tall gray stone wall.
A hiker walks up a path of stone steps using a walking stick.
A hiker is looking at the mountains.
2 men in hiking gear descend down a stone staircase.
A lone hiker with walking stick descending a stony stairway in remote countryside.
A woman is laying down on the pavement of her campsite.
A woman in a blue jacket kneels behind a dish filled with soapy water.
A collection of blue tents, one of which says "Exodus", are set up in a lush landscape.
People walking down a dirt path.
A man with a walking stick and an orange backpack, walks through a valley.
Two people looking across a valley.
Two women sitting at a table in a park are smiling at each other.
People are traveling via donkey with their belongings on back.
A mountain that was affected by the past volcano eruptions in the southwest city of a hope.
A llama is standing on the side of the street.
Two Asian men sitting on the pavement with their merchandise next to them.
Two women wearing native american clothing carrying bags
Two older people are dancing to the music of a band.
Several uniformed men playing musical instruments.
A woman in a blue jacket is standing and smiling on the street.
Five men are talking in a room that has computers in it.
A man in a blue shirt and khakis is playing a guitar.
A woman in a blue tank top riding a bike.
Two men in white hard hats and orange vests work in front of a building.
Three people watch a wind band perform.
Two boys in all black standing next to both a bike and a tree.
A man with a shopping cart is selling wares on a busy city street.
A man in black laying on a bench with his head on the leg of an elderly gentleman wearing blue jeans.
Two children looking at antique locomotives in an outdoor setting.
Children recite something from white sheet of paper.
Two woman smile at the camera while enjoying their lunch together.
A tacky looking man in sitting on a chair with a black hat on reads a magazine while listening to music.
A man without a shirt performs rollerblading tricks on a course.
Six Buddhist boys walk along the side of a road in traditional orange monk robes.
Older boy rollerblading in front of young children on scooters.
Young man with a blue shirt on and rollerblades performs a trick off the wall.
Two boys are playing in the water.
A teenager in a white shirt and flip-flops is in motion on the swing.
A blond toddler with a ponytail rides a bucket swing.
Wearing a hairnet and blue apron a woman prepares to pout something into a cistern.
A young boy wearing a big watch eats an ice cream cone.
Young woman in short white dress holding a basket is walking among sand dunes or huts.
Two food service workers preparing food in a commercial kitchen.
A baby gives a woman an opportunity to engage in its world.
Woman carrying baggage and drink talking on cellphone.
A lady with blond-hair is walking briskly down the street.
Two men in blue shirts and six women in a ballet.
Two women voice their opinions at a political rally
Four dogs on leashes walk down a sidewalk.
A group of farmers are working together to complete a plant related task.
A skateboarder with a red hat and green shirt sitting on a skateboard watching other skaters.
Men and women doing yoga on the beach.
Festival-goers have a fun time with their children
A woman with a handbag walks past a chinese store of some sort.
Two young boys holding saxophones.
Three girls are standing in front of a music stand with trumpets.
A school band of young students performing.
A young woman in a white shirt and blue tie is playing a trumpet.
Two children smile as they prepare to make their big splash.
Young saxophone players wait during a pause in a performance.
A boy in a striped shirt plays the trumpet.
Man dressed in business casual attire playing the saxophone with the rest of a band.
Three young men stand holding strings
Three people sit together on a couch in a house while two others stand off to the sides.
A man on a horse is attempting to lasso a dog.
Person in a red shirt standing in the street next to a car with many decals on it.
The passenger is holding onto the load on top of the car.
People buy fruits from a stand carrying melons, apples, and other fruits.
This bathtub is not staying in the old house.
One man, wearing a helmet and blue jeans, falling off a bull into the mud.
A male is walking his dog down the street.
3 people in a car with rally decals, equipment on the roof and a mongolian flag flying.
A red suv with a woman inside
Two small white dogs are in a yard chasing a red ball.
Three people sit around a grill on fold-up metal chairs.
Several young men in a packed car are traveling with tires tied on top of their blue car.
A man is sweaty from singing on stage.
An old minivan painted to look like the Mystery Machine from Scooby-Doo drives past a white building.
One man hands another an item at a rail interchange.
A man in a blue shirt welding.
Man wearing construction clothes sitting high up on a building.
A man wearing a hard hat is talking on a cellphone.
A man in the top of the building
Three men in hard hats and sunglasses approach a large white freight truck.
A married man in camouflage looks through a giant metal telescope.
Two boys in blue shirts sit on the end of a bench next to a fair ride.
Big brown dog chews on bone lying down.
A child stares down over a group of people who are around a bonfire.
A man and two small children relaxing at a campsite, eating in front of a fire.
A group of elderly Asian people are gathered together, playing instruments in a park.
A kid with a blue shirt squeezing soap into his hand.
Firefighters putting out a big fire.
A dark-haired man sitting at a table with a book and drinks.
A guy with blond-hair is standing on a stage playing a red guitar with the drummer in the background.
Two people are on the side of a glass building.
A main in a white shirt and tan pants stands in front of a stand that sells various goods.
Street musicians perform in front of benches.
A soccer game is played in a stadium filled with spectators.
Soccer players are stretching in preparation for a game.
A man wearing black sweeping brown tile floors outside of a tile shop.
Two children are bouncing on a trampoline outdoors.
An Indian women sits in a small room designing beautiful pictures on fabric to make blankets and such on the cloth.
A woman stretches outside of a building called Vira Virou.
A surgeon is working on a patient using surgical tools.
A woman is holding a crying child dressed in pink.
A young boy clasps a man's face in front of a body of water enclosed by concrete.
Man in front of a large glass building.
A busy highway scene with a woman crossing a crosswalk on the left
A woman standing in front of a dock with coolers.
A woman wearing a blue tank top is holding a ball and looking up attentively.
Several men are sitting at a table with beer.
A happy young girl wearing a brown sweater, pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off a sidewalk.
A white tented fruit stand with several people shopping in it.
A group of people shop for fruit at an urban farmers market.
A mother sitting on a cobblestone street giving her baby a drink.
A man with tools in both hands is focused on his work.
Men and women walking on the sidewalk outside a marketplace.
A white shirt with design of a lady can be seen hanging in a crowded market
Two women and a group of men in gray shirts at a club.
The four people are walking in the rain.
Two men are holding red microphones and white towels.
A woman rock dives feet first arms above head as another woman swims away.
Several Students watch a teacher in art class.
A man walking down a street lined with palm trees.
Boy climbing tree with all safety gear attached.
Many people are gathered around a tall tree that has a ladder leaning against it.
A man wearing a short-sleeve shirt is crouched behind a yellow sunflower.
Here is a picture of a young boy playing in a golf resort village.
A person playing on a rope swing.
There is a kid in a blue shirt and shorts with a dog.
A group of people are sitting together at a picnic table.
A dog with a brindle-colored coat is running across the yard.
A woman with a lavender shirt carries a large bundle of wood.
Flowers are behind the fluffy dog that is coming up the step.
A boy in a gray shirt holding two over-sized cucumbers.
A man sits on a stool, plays a guitar and sings into a microphone next to a fountain.
A musician plays music near a tree.
A man with a beard is holding a guitar while seated in front of a microphone.
A man with a big red bowl is walking toward a brown donkey.
This man is looking at a painting, with a brush in his hand.
Two monks are walking together possibly contemplating life.
An older gent shows his expertise in concert on the saw.
A man with a red vest and black bowtie is speaking into a microphone.
A man in an olive shirt texts on his phone as he sits at a table in a cafe.
A large group of people are sitting at tables.
Three utility workers in orange uniforms and white helmets are working near a pole, with two of the workers are the ground and one climbing the pole.
Man wearing red shirt and jeans at an atm
People try out a game demo at a trade show.
Women check out Ron Negro hair mascot.
A lady looks at a poster with a face and several spoons.
A kid is using a touch-screen computer in a retail store.
A man dressed in a hat and blue coat rides his bicycle past an outdoor gao quy stand on a sunny day.
A young girl is sitting at a table writing.
A naked baby lying down with his eyes closed.
Two people are walking on a trail through the woods.
Some people and a horse-drawn carriage are in front of a restaurant.
A female speaker talks about GlamWiki.
Four skaters are competing in a high speed skating competition, and turning on the track.
Four speed skaters are racing on an ice rink wearing spandex suits and helmets.
A little girl with blond-hair is wearing a dress and a hat that says "Birthday Princess."
A man teaching a class about folic acid
A woman stands at a podium with a slide show behind her.
A young man skateboarding on a rail.
A man in a red shirt speaking from a pulpit with a Mac.
A man and two kids are walking
A dark-haired girl standing in front of a performing band.
An older man is talking to two other men in a crowd outside.
An oddly dressed man wearing a plaid skirt and knee-high black boots stands is in the middle of a crowded area.
A man playing the guitar and singing.
A man in a tool belt is directing a construction site where a large object is lifted.
A man in the work clothes is pulling the cord with the truck in the background.
Two women are examining fern leaves near a bookshelf.
A young girl is using a mop and bucket on the floors.
Five young people jump in joy at edge of the tropical ocean.
Black and tan small dog walking with perked ears.
A young, redheaded boy is dressed in a band uniform playing his instrument in front of the band.
A gymnasium athlete gets ready to start her gymnasium act.
There is a stadium full of red seats, one cheerleader holds up a sign that says ROCKS.
Two men working on a brick wall.
The boy in gray is laying in the snow while he takes a break.
A shirtless man is riding his bicycle, which is on its front wheel.
A man sits a desk, in front of a computer while looking at some paper.
The man in the green shirt is smiling and holding an axe.
An Asian man with his head bowed in prayer in front of a golden statue.
Woman in gray is holding a little girl wearing pink.
A nanny watching her neighbors kids after a long hot day in the city of Las Vegas, Nevada.
An older boy holding the ears of a younger boy.
A mother holding an infant up against her shoulder in a kitchen.
A blond woman wearing sunglasses on the top of her head.
A young boy and girl are hiding in tall grass.
A lady slicing velveeta cheese, making a funny face.
A woman in a black dress, stands alone, looking out to a city.
Worker's installing new water pipes.
Two people in hard hats and safety vests working with cable in a grassy area.
The dog jumps over the log with a stick in its mouth.
A boy sitting in the doorway of a house in a slum.
One evening three young ladies chatting on the street.
An explorer is jumping for joy near his snow bicycle at the edge of a large body of water in a area covered with snow.
A girl is sliding into a small pool of water.
A woman with a pink bikini diving into a pool.
A woman on a beach carries a young child into the water
Five men in asian inspired garb wrap clothes around their heads while people converse in the background.
A yellow dog running along a forest path.
Three men in combat uniforms are sitting on bricks with a tree in the background.
A young girl wearing a hat and scarf is climbing up a wooden play set.
A young girl stands in front of a body of water with her hands above her head, smiling.
A bunch of people sitting outside a building at night.
Two young men in unusual clothing are jumping in a gym.
Woman in red shift and long white socks kneeling on tennis court.
Many people all taking pictures with cameras.
Two workers in orange shirts are emptying a trash container.
A man dressed as a clown is trying to force a long balloon into a shape.
Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
Three dogs are playing around in the snow.
A child standing next to a road with automobiles passing by.
A man explodes out of the dark blue waters spraying water up into the air.
A man wearing a red and black robe sitting on a diving board.
A belly dancer wearing a red and gold costume stands with her arms above her head.
Three people relax on a lake's edge that sits below snowcapped mountain peaks.
A man grips a ladder while his feet fly in the air.
A man walking in front of a orange and green backdrop.
A man is holding a woman in midair while out in the mountains in front of a hang glider.
A man sleeping on a couch in front of a glass table.
A man wearing cutoff jeans and green sneakers sits with one leg crossed across the other one.
A large orange bus is stopped on the street.
Two people, one wearing a checkered shirt, and one wearing a plain light colored shirt, are running on a balcony.
Two men play a game while others watch.
Two young women wearing colorful costumes show off their hula hoop skills at a friendly competition during a local festival.
Young people standing around smiling.
The happy, newlywed couple takes a moment to laugh and celebrate before cutting their wedding cake.
Two men fighting in a MMA match.
One MMA fighter slamming the other into the mat during a match.
A woman in a white shirt and black bottoms.
Man drags what seems to be a wooden board with a carpet atop of a shallow body of water.
In the warm sun, a rugged, but well-dressed man, has fallen asleep.
A group of boys enjoying a day by down the creek.
A woman is sitting on a couch reading a book.
A lady in a hat is standing next to a car with a couch and innertubes on top.
A man in a black hat kneeling down to cut a piece of wood.
A white man with a beer sitting on a black balloon in a park.
A man kneels down by a machine.
A man smiles as he sits inside a bathtub in a bathroom.
A man wearing a green shirt skateboarding down a street.
A man is enjoying the sun and open air while sailing on a boat.
Man in float in the water.
A woman in an orange bikini top is massaging a man's back.
A woman in a sunhat lays on a large black tube.
Two men sit on a pontoon boat holding oars and wearing hats.
A woman wearing hat is reading her book.
A man with a beard standing in the water next to a wooden platform.
A man with camouflage shorts adjusting a mosquito net.
Two guys setting up some kind of canopy near the waters' edge.
A man is carrying a woman over her shoulders on the beach.
A girl in a purple dress is sitting on furniture with red pillows, while smiling for the camera.
A young man is jumping his bike at a skate park.
Group of are gathered in a room, they are standing next to a wall.
A group of men enjoy a day of fishing.
Four teenagers are sitting on a bench at night.
Two men in suits, one sitting and one standing, are having a discussion as they wait for public transportation.
An older gentleman is selling produce out of the back of his truck as a woman peruses his products.
Three people dressed in green feather costumes dance in a festive parade.
A young girl is walking on the road, while wearing a red and white dress and shoes.
People walking around in a crowded place.
Young boys dressed as confederate soldiers walking in a parade in the rain.
A man looks down from his balcony from a stone building.
A man in a heavy black coat carries a newspaper past an advertisement for an espresso.
Two men are adamantly performing martial arts in a garden.
A band in white hats and gloves plays with a stadium a people in behind them.
Three men and one is checking his cellphone.
This is time lapse photography featuring a person moving lights around in a pattern in the darkness
Some kind of celebration probably in an African city.
A little girl in a green bathing suit is getting splashed in a water fountain.
Teenage dancers perform at a competition.
Two construction workers wearing orange hard hats stand on the site of the highway.
Three men and two black dogs.
The two men are playing chess in the park.
Construction workers pass each other on the sidewalk.
Two boys are doing tricks on their skateboards at a skateboard park.
A young girl holds flowers in one hand and a basket with a bow in another.
Two women behind a net on their cellphones with two men seated on a concrete slab on the opposite side of the net.
2 kids being held by a mother in a crowd of people
A little girl at a wedding holds a bouquet of orange flowers.
A bearded man wearing a bandanna with skulls on it is holding a camera.
Small girl playing in a pile of sand with cars and people in the background.
Two girls walking, both with a white shirt and blue shorts on.
A group of people gather in front of a ticket vendor.
Fruit and Vegetable stand nicely arranged with two men in the back.
Two old men are playing instruments, one playing the violin and one the accordion.
A little kid swings on a pole at a playground.
A male wearing blue overalls, and a blue hat, rides a small house drawn carriage.
A boy at the end of a slip and slide.
A woman in a black two-piece bathing suit jumping into green water.
Little boy in a playground sitting on swing set
A young boy splashing in a small blow-up pool with a green slide behind him.
A black male wearing goggles is carving a stone sculpture.
A small child in gray and orange winks their eye while holding silverware.
Five children walk on a sandy beach.
The boy in the black and red swimsuit is jumping into the water.
Two dancers sit on stage with dramatic lighting.
Four women dressed in white midriff displaying outfits flap a white sheet in the air.
Children filling water guns from a bucket near a swing-set.
Two men are rappelling a building in front of a large group of people.
A group of people drinking and talking
A brunette woman, wearing a tan long-sleeved shirt, puts blush on her cheek bones.
A young child in only his underwear is vacuuming.
A group of women in long, white skirts tie handkerchiefs to their heads.
Two people sweeping a dirt ground.
A group of women are listening to a presentation given by a woman in a lab coat.
Two women are swinging on a ride.
A photo of spectators watching band members perform on the violin.
Two athletic men and two athletic women run through a park.
An uniformed man leaned out of a side pilot's window of a large American Airline aircraft to wash the cockpit's window.
A woman in a yellow and black outfit is skiing.
Two men and a woman looking at pictures in a tattoo parlor.
There is a woman throwing daggers at a target, which is a carrot.
A man is behind a cart trying to sell various food items.
A group of people are at an establishment.
A girl with pink hair and neon colored clothing is swinging a pink hula hoop around.
A curly-haired girl captivated by a butterfly.
A female waiter is balancing a tray with one hand.
An African woman holding a child in a field.
Several men in silver suits are riding bicycles across a street.
A little boy is playing on a playground rocking toy.
Man sitting on a chair in the fields carving a statute supported by a tree trunk.
A father and son watch a man welding on a statue.
2 women sit in front of their tables selling fish on the beach by the ocean.
A young boy feeding celery to a deer behind a fence.
The front of a very small eatery at night
A group of people are performing a play.
A woman with brown hair is putting red polish on her toenail.
A construction worker creates a cloud of dust as he works.
A toddler examines soap suds in his hands while taking a bath.
A group of people in a small plaza.
Two people with bicycles are stopped to try and fix the chain on one of the bikes.
A man climbing a rock cliff.
A young boy enjoys the surf as the sun sits low on the horizon.
A young child carrying many balloons.
A man with an open shirt and glasses holding a microphone and another man in a bowler hat and plaid suit using a bow on an instrument.
A blond-haired baby sitting in his chair being fed.
Three girls doing back flips on the beach.
A man in a red shirt bending over outside an empty building.
A blond, male child jumping in the air on a porch in the backyard.
A group of colorful kayaks paddling through the water
Girl holding multicolored balloons stands outside in the middle of a crowd.
A man wearing headphones is standing in front of a poster.
A woman in a pink sweater is singing to a man in a suit.
A man skies on snow with mountains in the background.
Children playing in water looking at a giant picture of a person's face.
Little kid is taking a bit of something from a puppet.
A woman in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street.
A group of men play hockey.
A brown fluffy dog lays in the snow with its green ball.
Many young people are sitting and laying on blankets in a field.
A person walks up a white sandy hill against the blue sky.
A blond woman and a man in jeans sitting on a bench outside.
A person is performing a trick in the air with a dirt bike.
An older woman in a multicolored outfit sitting next to a pile of peanuts.
Man in black tux singing his solo part in the performance.
These people are waiting in line on a staircase.
A group of spectators are watching a choir performance.
People lined up going up stairs single file.
A young person pitches in a baseball game.
A person is working on the machine.
Two college boys posing for a picture at a party at night.
A drunk looking woman is hugging a drunk looking man.
A man and a woman in front of a mirror, she smiles as he kisses her cheek.
A man holding a beer smiles with his eyes closed.
A woman in a dark shirt holds up a photo cutout at a party.
A group of friends is celebrating at a party.
A man with a white hard hat is loading branches into a wood chipper.
Two women having fun at a party.
A little girl wearing a bathing suit while eating a watermelon in the water.
The child in superman T-shirt is laughing.
Two officers in tan standing on the side of a city street.
A country crowd at a festival.
Two old bearded men frown and look off into the distance.
A boy in a green shirt above something blue.
Two hikers are trekking across a sloping hillside with deep brush in spots.
Two females are working out on a beach.
A little girl wearing a pink shirt is sitting at the table and drinking a milkshake
A man stands near a building.
A man smiles for the camera with a beer in hand.
A large man at a party, with a drink in his right hand.
A man in a black shirt and a cast smokes a cigarette.
Two girls drink at a party.
Several men and women are sitting in chairs on someone's backyard patio.
A little boy puts a bat on his forehead and spins around.
A man in a black shirt carrying a young child.
A child smiles and hangs off a small train.
A child in a blur shirt playing in a flower bed.
A man with a drink cup is talking to another man.
Man wearing purple shirt and black pants, holding a camera, standing in a city park.
Cooks in a pizza parlor check the oven.
A girl wearing a blue and pink swimsuit is throwing stones into a lake.
Construction workers are busy working while people are walking by.
Two men standing on a rock at the edge of the ocean.
A man wearing a baseball cap is skateboarding.
There are two kids in swimmies playing outside next to some trees.
A man in black-yellow carnival feathers, playing the drum.
A boy with blue socks and red pants and a shirt with prints on it jumps inside the house.
Two men in green and black clothing ride high in a basket crane.
A man of some native African tribe looking off into the distance.
A man is standing inside a cherry picker.
Five men in black and yellow clothing staring up and a woman holding a bike standing behind them.
Two men stand in an electric outdoor lift.
A man outside in a chef's tunic is unpacking small, green vegetables.
A little boy at camp, in a blue shirt, throwing a football.
Group of children playing pin the tail on the donkey at a relay.
A woman competes in an equestrian competition atop a white horse.
An older man with a long white beard and wearing mud boots is digging up mud for a garden.
Large commercial brick building with construction workers and a heavy equipment.
A young boy wearing a dark blue hat sleeps on a bench at a terminal.
A Tribe Warrior dressed with Culture attire.
Crowd of sightseers gathered on a dock with the ship "evergreen" in the background.
3 dark-skinned males, two shirtless, are on a grassy area with trees scattered around them.
Two little girls, one on the floor, and one on the top bunk, are showing off their princess castle bunk bed.
Children in flamboyant red, white, and gold costumes dancing in a parade.
A woman is eating at a table as people walk by.
A picture of a sidewalk between a road and buildings.
A baby in a baby seat wearing a red beanie that says "love".
Man in a hat is enthusiastically playing the fiddle on a sidewalk
A woman with a red scarf, white shirt, and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of books.
Orange dog looks over shoulder, near posts in rural area.
A small child looking at a cactus garden.
A woman and child sitting in a big tree with large branches.
A woman wearing sunglasses is listening to a Walkman and smoking a cigarette.
An entertainer is making balloon animals for children.
A man in a red cap, yellow shirt, and black shorts looks down on a stadium.
Top of the stands looking down at the baseball stadium.
A line of people are leaving the sidewalk and entering a yellow school bus.
Four people standing on a raft sailing away on the water.
Lead singer of the band "Green Day", Billy Joe, sings a song on stage with a young boy in the background.
A pitcher stands on the mound.
A pitcher wearing a red shirt and white pants is standing on the mound.
A group of people are entering a sports stadium.
A little girl rides a toy bike and laughs.
A man wearing a blue shirt is holding his arm out towards a shark.
A man, woman, and another man are walking through a grassy field.
Four people standing on a boat on the lake.
A man in silver car talking on cellphone and another man standing on sidewalk.
A woman laughing as her husband has his arm around her.
The little girl in the yellow hat is buried up to her waist in the sand on the beach.
Someone in astronaut gear is being submerged underwater.
A woman sits and reads in the stoop of a wooden door.
A bicycler balances his bike on a rail.
A woman wearing a blue hat and blue shirt with a yellow skirt is painting a picture.
A scuba diver poses for the camera while underwater, holding a large light.
An Asian woman is brushing her teeth in front of a mirror.
An asian man grills meat.
A little girl looks at a birthday cake while a man holds a baby.
An adult and child are walking past a contemporary-style building.
Two woman stand near a door.
A man is posed standing on one hand on a skateboard ramp.
A woman in a black dress holding sunglasses.
Two martial artists compete in a match.
The man is sitting down while enjoying his beer.
A man is standing beside his stand waiting.
A man with long hair is playing an acoustic guitar.
A woman is laying out papers on a table.
Look Guys it's going to be a long row home so all of us have to get ready and I do mean all of us.
Man raising young boy into the clear blue sky.
The man in the bright colored shirt is balancing a knife on his arm.
Four dogs are playing and jumping in the air outside.
A woman wearing a colorful shawl on her head is using a sewing machine.
An elderly woman is crying while sitting in a window.
A woman in a white shirt is standing by a Gwan Multipurpose Centre sign.
A woman walking on a sidewalk getting ready to cross the street.
A man wearing glasses and a blazer stands in front of a billboard sign.
A black dog trying to mate with a brown dog
A baseball player dodges a ball with his bat high in the air.
Woman and man sit next to their green truck.
There are many men racing on their bicycles.
Kites attached to wheeled devices in a field
Five young men on three rafts float in a body of water.
Two people dressed in karate outfits are fighting.
A large group of young adults are crammed into an area for entertainment.
A crowd of people at a show.
A tan and black dog jumps through a water sprinkler in the yard.
People sing with large maroon books.
A man and a woman walk past a red car with a silver hood ornament
Several old fashioned cars are parked together.
A group of young people enjoy a fair ride.
A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.
A small brown and white dog is playing with the sprinkler in the grass.
A woman plays a violin outdoors.
A surfer catching a large wave in the ocean.
Two young boys in bathing suits walk
A group of young boys on opposing teams are playing soccer.
The man rides his bicycle up the brick wall.
Greyhound dogs race on the track, with #8 leading the way.
A man lying on the grass next to a small lake.
Two men cook together with a metal bowl, near a hanging plant.
A woman in great shape is pole-vaulting over a bar.
A medium shot of a crowd protesting to bring the troops home.
A man wearing pants plays a guitar while on stage.
A guy playing a violin on the street and four women are listening to him
An Indian group are praying on a deck by water.
A white male with a black hat and blue shirt sitting on a fence playing a guitar
A nice red and white car is being tended to at a racetrack.
A race car speeds away while a man covers his ears.
Red boat marked GRAHAM races across water.
A man in sunglasses sits in a race car with an exposed engine.
A team stands around their dragster.
A group of men stand around a red and white funny car at the drag races.
A pit crew is getting a vehicle ready for the race.
A man with a tattoo wearing a sleeveless tailcoat is balancing a unicycle on his chin in front of a building.
An old fashioned car is coming down the street.
Race team in black t-shirt service their red and white car.
A man services a red and white hot rod dragster car.
A woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a young girl.
Two males are sitting in back of a pick up truck.
Several trucks stopped outside for some type of outdoor event.
A woman and three men are posing for a photo
Two women with their arms around each other smile.
An elderly woman gets her blood pressure checked.
A young woman is taking care of the person's feet.
A dad and his son are playing with some Legos in the child's bedroom.
Two men in white shirts standing under what appears to be a large black umbrella.
A man is making his car ready for race.
A little girl in a blue helmet is petting a horse.
A woman standing next to a washing machine holding a large polka dot sheet.
The woman in the black shirt hands papers to the children surrounding her.
A woman in a blue shirt is speaking to a group of children.
Two medical professionals are assisting a small, elderly lady in a wheelchair, while another lady watches.
One little girl in a yellow shirt carrying a basket of flowers.
A crowd of people are standing on a wet sidewalk in front of a construction sign.
Boy in midair on bicycle
Women on the beach returning to their car after long day
Someone is purple is carrying a screen made from wood and mesh.
A young person diving to make a catch during a game of ultimate frisbee.
Bearded white man puts on a green outfit.
The white pelican is flying over the ocean.
A group of people looking at menus in a white restaurant.
Two men are sitting down and reading next to a table with food on it.
Three adults enjoying food around a grill.
A man in a red shirt is looking in his back pocket
There is a woman with a green scarf around her head.
A person wearing a helmet begins to fall from a silver scooter.
Several deer jump a fence into an open field.
A man is skating down a set of stairs.
A distorted photo of a playing dog in a flower field
A group of people are standing under a structure, smiling and dancing.
A man in a black shirt sits next to a woman playing the guitar.
The rugby players in red are wrestling the player in yellow to the ground.
Two kids are swinging on a playground.
A person in a gray jacket with a black messenger back looks over the nearby river and bridge.
A mom and daughter are sharing ice cream.
A man wearing a red jacket and knee high boots is fly fishing.
A girl in a wheelchair with a red and white shirt has red dots all over her face.
A group of people enjoying dancing in a room.
Several women dancing and jumping around.
A young lady wearing a red shirt moving in her wheelchair.
An Asian looking man smiles as he is getting ready to hit a billiard ball.
Three men in suits are standing in front of signs that say Ford, Auto Alliance and Mazda.
Three women wearing traditional apparel make the final touches on their clothing.
A white bird is flying off the water surface.
A boy on a deck with a red bucket on his head.
A shirtless tattooed man is working on a scaffold outside of a window.
A group of people walking on a trail.
A man with a backpack over his shoulders is walking through a forest.
A family visits a forest as tourists.
Two children wearing shorts climb on top of a jungle gym.
A girl is sitting on a rock next to a waterfall.
Two females are standing next to each other and appear to be unexcited.
A woman travels by a large octopus sand sculpture on the beach.
A little boy smiles as he holds a blue umbrella above him.
A man crouches on the sidewalk next to a little girl.
A man with a yellow shirt and black hat is on a path in the wilderness.
A woman sitting at a table wearing a black shirt.
A young girl in a blue shirt with blue jean shorts is grasping the top of a white cinder block wall.
A young man looking at a stick.
A woman in a blue tank top is sitting at a table.
A man is unpacking a cooler filled with food.
A woman in a blue tank top eats a chili cheese hotdog.
A woman and a horse are jumping over a miniature building.
Black dog near a dock looks into murky water
A boy in a blue shirt on a computer.
A bearded man and a bald man carrying prizes at a carnival.
A store clerk is waiting for some customers.
A group of people gathered around a mural in an urban area
Brown and white dog jumps over purple and white bar.
There are young men playing a game of football, one man has been tackled by another player.
A bunch of people in camo pants run.
A man squatting and spray painting an eye and an apple wearing rubber gloves.
A dog treads through dark green water.
Two young boys and a girl are rough-housing on a lawn covered with dry leaves.
A man teaching his toddler how to fix the chain on a bicycle.
A woman standing with her back toward the viewer has a plush toy in her hood.
A girl is being splashed by an ocean wave.
Shoppers purchase produce from a busy grocery store in Asia.
A corgi is walking down a path in a forest.
Two adults and two boys posing with mountains and a lake in the background
A young kid riding a dirt bike on a track.
A man and a woman are admiring a bright red motorcycle parked outside a restaurant
Two people eating at a restaurant.
A man in orange is hanging by a cable doing some work on a building.
Baby in a bubble bath, held by a woman in a blue shirt.
A man wearing an orange shirt and helmet is suspended in the air.
A worker hangs off of a tall building overlooking traffic below.
A man in an orange hard hat and orange protective clothing is suspended from a building, cleaning a part of the building.
A man holding a baby is sitting on a rock outside.
A man in a dark hat and glasses is reaching into a bowl on a table filled with various bowls.
A man sitting at a table works on a computer.
A man using a wheelchair is talking in a field to a couple women.
The lady solicits her restaurants's products on the street.
Lone red team player breaks through two black team players, to hit the ball
A group of african american girls are sitting together.
A man and a woman are sitting, while working on the wheel of a blue vehicle.
A child is holding an apple in his mouth
A man in a blue t-shirt, sitting on a bed staring at something in wonderment
Black dog with red collar splashing in water
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
A young girl jumping through the air on a playground.
A little boy is going down a blue and red slip and slide.
A cyclist does a flip in the air.
A little boy wearing a hat and sandals sits on the grass.
A woman is cooking in a home kitchen.
A man in a blue shirt plays a unique instrument that splashes water.
This boy, wearing a red shirt and blue shorts, is running.
A black dog jumping in water in the woods.
A man plays the bagpipes.
A girl and a woman walk through a street and are about to pass a telephone booth.
A black dog leaping over a hurdle.
A dock over water with a palm tree at the end and five boats, during twilight.
A skateboarder in black clothes jumps over a bench.
Two men are sitting on a bench looking at a water fountain
A woman on a surfboard rides a wave
A group of five workers are gathered around bushes next to a McDonald's sign.
A girl in a pink coat throws leaves in the air.
A group of people riding camels with red seat covers along a sandy shore, and three people are on foot.
A young woman singing and playing guitar in a performance.
People walking through a garden in the middle of a city.
Many people sit in a Mexican restaurant.
A man skateboarding at a skateboarding park which is covered in graffiti.
Man sleeping in a chair on a sidewalk in New York City.
A man pops a wheelie on a bike on a rocky beach.
A guy is driving a go-cart on the streets.
A group of four friends, on of which is shirtless, jump with joy in front of a pier.
A group of children in the ride called "Frog Hopper".
The man with the eccentric clothing and hair poses in a store.
A man wearing a brown jacket holds up a yellow object.
A young child playing video games on a Nintendo DS.
A boy is sitting on a boat with two flags.
There is a woman holding a baby, along with a man with a save the children bag.
A group of people traveling in a small wooden boat.
A woman is running with a dog in a grassy field with trees in the background.
Two boxers punch each other in the face at the same time.
The man is making a throwing motion, while standing on the shore.
A man and woman laughing while they hold an award.
A man with the face paint of a clown holds a ukulele and harmonica.
A musician and a lady with brown hair are about to sing.
A balding man wearing blue is riding a unicycle on a paved road.
Someone riding a snowmobile pops a wheelie.
In a UFC match, one fighter has the other one down on the canvas and is about to hit him with his left hand.
A girl wearing colored striped pants brushing her teeth next to a white couch.
A baby and 2 year old laying on the ground under a play mobile.
Two gentlemen in tuxes play the keyboard and guitar.
Men race their bikes on a road.
A woman in a black shirt sings on stage.
Three men are working outside in the sun.
A man in a cowboy hat is riding a horse around a barrel.
The dog runs next to the crashing waves of the ocean.
A family sits at a park while birds fly around.
An older man in a gray shirt standing by a building that has meat hanging out to dry.
A man is walking by Brenmark Tools &amp; Fasteners.
A man and a woman sit back-to-back on a bench outside a storefront.
A boy sticks an aligator puppet out of a camper van window.
A lady wearing red glasses and a floral shirt speaks to passengers in a bus.
Person doing a trick bike move in a skatepark.
Two women sitting on a wood bench along a waterfront edge.
A woman with a colorful scarf is walking outside.
A man jumps of the handrail of an outdoor staircase.
The man in the room is wearing a robe.
A group of children on a sidewalk by two clear pitchers.
A little girl is riding her bike on a dirt trail.
A male tennis player jumps in the air as he prepares to return the ball.
Group of mothers and young women walking with their children.
Three people are pulling a rope on a hillside.
A boat floats in the water.
Two children in jackets walking down a dirt road carrying flowers.
A boy is posing with a metal ladle in each hand.
The white crane is searching for food in a pond.
A child kicks the air outside at a sporting event.
Two females are sitting working on an artistic rug.
A bird takes off, surrounded by large rocks
A man is taking a picture of a bicyclist performing a trick in the air.
Man and boy wearing life jacket in water posing for a picture
A man is standing on a roof drying cloths on top of several cement houses.
A bald, shirtless man rock climbing.
A crowd stands on a over water bridge with city buildings in the background.
A man with a guitar is speaking into a microphone.
A person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background.
Near snowflake sign, man sits while another stands wearing badge and headphones.
A man is walking inside of a large yellow and blue hot air balloon on the ground.
A blond little boy is standing by a fence.
A group of people look on as a man points to a whiteboard.
A man in jeans looking in the back of his truck for something.
A young male in a blue shirt walk past a white truck at a construction site.
A boy holds a red umbrella in a muddy yard.
Two children and a man are looking at the grass beside a lake.
A woman and two children stand in front of plants.
A small tan dog runs through the snow.
A man crouching down, attempting to use a machine of some sort.
A group of college students gathers to play texas hold em poker.
A man holding a bag walking down a long staircase.
Two girls are kicking each other in martial arts uniforms.
A boy making a face while sitting in his car seat
A man wearing inline skates is skating down a cement wall
Man with dark hair and beard eating a crunchy food item drinking coffee.
A bicyclist wearing a helment riding down a steep ramp
Man doing a flip into the water where a lady waits.
Dog leaps high for yellow ball as another dog waits below on grass.
Little girl in yellow shirt, holds a white hat as she sits on a blanket near a tree.
A young girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy.
Two similar brown dogs share holding a white toy while swimming.
A woman getting a styling cut from a female hair stylist.
Two guys playing ball and making faces.
A woman with a hat is leading a small dog through an obstacle course.
The drummer beats the drums at an outdoor concert.
A man wearing a red shirt is walking past a bicycle.
A chubby, redheaded child swings a bat at a ball on a tee.
Two girls collide during a fast paced game of capture the flag in a park.
While several people walk behind them, a man and woman are drawing on the sidewalk.
A group of children are waving a large cloth up and down.
A man in sunglasses uses a large metal grill.
The people in white and maroon clothes are in a wooden building.
A man riding on a red bicycle.
Two people sitting on benches and looking at each other.
A blond woman with a red backpack in the snow.
A sideshow barker on a small stage on the sidewalk trying to call in customers.
A woman in an orange shirt is weaving.
A young girl with short hair is weaving on a loom.
Young adults gather near a bright light.
A group of five boys are sitting on rocks near a waterfall.
A skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air.
A group of people in green shirts push a cannon in a parade.
Two people are dragging a yellow raft into a river.
An airplane is flying over the mountain trying to extinguish a fire.
Person playing piano that has mermaid painting on the side
A man and a young boy are outside, taking a break from riding a bike.
A father and daughter throwing rocks into a small stream.
A girl with brown, curly hair is using a blue mobile device inside a room.
A man in white stands in front of a barbecue.
A group of people helping each other to take down a white canvas.
A group of three dogs are walking through the snow.
A man wearing white, including shin guards, swings the bat in a cricket game.
Bearded man in gray and red shirt pulling a rope.
Three people are walking past a selection of warning cones on a sidewalk.
A man participates in a bmx race.
A kid doing tricks on a skateboard on a bridge
A dark-haired man and a little boy use screwdrivers to work on screen door.
A juggler and a boy in a top hat with a sword stand in front of a crowd.
Bill Cunningham on the streets of NYC.
Two people are fighting each other in some type of karate, both are wearing the typical white outfit with black belts.
Two people walks across a field of snow.
A female police officer stands next to a woman dressed as the Joker in Batman.
A person jumping off a dock into water.
A young child playing on the floor with letters made out of quilted fabric.
A person riding a bike, doing a very high jump.
Guy with his shirt off has part of his Calvin Klein underwear showing and he is walking next to guy in white shirt and black skirt and black leggings.
A female runner in a race
A man with green glasses does a trick on his skateboard.
A woman nears a cliff's edge.
An Asian woman is running on a rocky path.
A man dives into a swimming pool at the hotel.
A man with glasses and a green shirt is sitting to a desk.
A man playing with a small child in a pool.
A man and little girl in a pink life vest and red flotation device swimming.
A man is jumping over a water fountain.
A woman in a white halter dressing standing at a counter with bowls of food looking off into another room.
A group of children are admiring pictures lying in the sand.
A few people with a girl standing up in the center wearing a green dress
A woman is holding out a peace sign during a parade.
A man in a white shirt carries a drum as he talks to two other men.
This gentleman is performing his "one man" show.
A concert band displays patriotism and talent, through dress, as well as their music.
Six people play xylophones in a darkened room.
People are dressed in purple, blue, green, yellow, orange and red costumes for a parade.
A man in uniform waves and smiles at camera
A long-haired woman with sunglasses is dancing with two other people in a parade.
Several uniformed men carrying flags and guns are leading a parade contingent along a small town street.
Three people, two men and one woman, are riding bicycles in a parade.
Two kids running past a dinosaur in the woods.
A DJ is spinning records at a club full of people.
This child is holding red, white, and blue balloons
A little boy in a red t-shirt jumps off of a blue slide at a playground.
Two girls are sitting outside steps talking.
A boy in a yellow shirt and blue jeans jumps over exercise pylons while two boys dressed in soccer uniforms look on.
A dog gets sprayed by a hose.
A woman in a red shirt and multicolored hat does dishes in the sink.
A human figure in a nature-like costume standing as the center of attention at a party.
A man sitting in sand holding a small statue carved of wood.
Two old men talking on a bench.
A person with pink hair and tattoos on their upper and lower back.
A man is shirtless and is covered in red marks.
A man with no shirt is standing in a parade wearing a plastic flower necklace.
Man dresses up in Hawaiian garb at a local parade.
A child carrying something in their shirt walks in the rain on the street.
People are waving from a bus covered in rainbow flags.
A young man with gold short shorts and a black top is walking in a parade.
There are many people outside of a large building.
Two people are riding dirt bikes on a sunny day in a forested area.
A person in a canoe is rafting in wild waters.
A person is swimming underwater in a pool.
There is a grown duck and several baby ducks.
A man is holding a shopping basket standing in front of a sign at the fish department that says "Fishmonger"
The two children watch the small yellow dog on the tree.
A man dressed as a woman wearing face paint sitting next to another man.
A young man wearing a purple shirt does the limbo in a gymnasium.
A bride and her bridesmaids are lined up outside looking at a man coming dressed in a dark suit.
A brown spotted dog walks in shallow water.
A young man in a gray sweater is looking downtown.
A little girl is peaking out from behind a tree.
A person is dressed in a black vest and hat with lots of flowers attached.
A woman following through on a tennis hit.
Two small children are smiling and one is pointing while holding something red.
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.
Two baseball players on a field, with four spectators, and a crowd.
The young lady walks down the street on a beautiful day.
A man wearing a suit and eyeglasses is walking on a sidewalk.
Horses with jockeys participate in a race.
A street performer with a guitar is playing music and requesting tips.
A muscular black man dancing in short shorts.
A girl leans on a kitchen counter laughing, with the waistband of her pants at crotch level.
A Boston baseball player at bat
A woman with long dark hair washes her dishes along side a dirty pool of water.
The dog is swimming across the water.
A dog jumps and runs through the forest and snow-covered ground.
Man wearing boys will do boys shirt waves at camera during gay pride parade
Woman kicking head of another kickboxer
A young girl with blond-hair holding onto a rail
An elderly gentleman s having his right eye diagnosed by a medical professional.
The Connah Store where they sell tobacco, candy, magazines, and coffee.
Three children in winter clothing using a telescope outdoors.
A woman with dark hair is wearing a green sweater.
A bearded man at a fair wearing a black tank top and a plaid hat.
Kicking up sand, a beach volleyball player jumps for the ball.
Two women and child eat ice cream cones on bridge decorated with flowers.
A boy on a skateboard in midair
A woman is working a laboratory, examining something in a petri dish under a microscope.
Three dogs run through a manicured lawn.
A girl with a boy standing behind her is stepping into a swimming pool
A young boy jumps off a swing set.
A city street, outside of a clothing store, with several passersby.
A disk jockey holds a picture of Michael Jackson.
Two black belts sparring, one kicking the other in the face.
A child in blue with glasses.
A young boy wearing blue pajamas and yellow glasses leaping into the air.
Two girls giving a large dog a bath
One person performing a show in front of a large audience sitting on the lawn
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
The man is standing next to a yellow building with a blue window.
A group of friends having diner together.
The woman wearing a black and white jacket and red boots is also wearing headphones.
A tan dog rolls in the grass.
A woman rides a bike on a trail through a field.
A man and a woman kiss.
A boy wearing a transformers t-shirt is standing with his hands stretched out.
A young girl in a playground is pulling the string on a pink yo-yo.
Woman with not a whole lot of clothes on playing on phone
A man in skateboarding in an empty swimming pool.
A child in a flower print dress is in a field of flowers.
A child pours syrup on a spinning device
A man in a white shirt and tie points to an image in a children's book while a small girl watches.
A closeup of two women standing together.
Kids jump their bikes off of dirt ramps near a waterfront.
Two women participate in a martial arts match.
Three girls are dancing in a large room.
A law enforcement official has a suspect seated on the ground in his custody.
A young woman dresses flamboyantly for some kind of festival involving a lot of color.
Two children wearing denim walk on a runway.
A dog stands on the beach with a large rock behind him.
An Indian man working on a stone wall.
Man with an orange shirt is grinding on stone, he is not wearing shoes.
A girl is jumping on the bed.
Two young girls are arm wrestling in their hotel room while another girl watches.
People with black balloons on them climbing dirt hill
A little girl in a pink shirt kicks a blue ball.
There is a couple walking through a farmer's market.
A crowd of people browsing at an open air market on a sunny day.
A marching band line stands and waits in full uniform.
Three people are playing in a snowy landscape, one is holding a large snowball ready to drop it on the others.
Two people standing in front of a waterfall scenery.
The man is laying in the field reading a book.
A group of young adults are taking showers outdoors.
A woman is waiting for a train at an empty train station.
A street with many vendors selling products including melon.
A person in a yellow helmet on a blue motorcycle is doing tricks.
A young girl in a pink dress dances as a woman blows bubbles.
An older man walking in the street looking at merchandise.
A young man parasailing in midair over the ocean
A band member in a black, white and red uniform holds his silver horn.
Members of a marching band and dancers in yellow-fringed outfits perform on a sports field.
A man watches a child walk down the street beside the railroad tracks.
Kid doing tricks on a skateboard
People walk in the street where a barricade has been set up.
A man in a blue shirt at a restaurant.
A fit woman in red running briefs begins to run on a track.
A guy in red on a bike in midair.
A mother and kids are admiring a huge soft figure of a pig.
People getting on and off and orange bus.
A girl taking a picture with her cellphone of a large group of people.
A woman brushing her hair in the bathroom.
A little girl plays in a ball pit while her family looks on.
A young woman performing a traditional dance.
The man in the plaid shorts is building a large sand sculpture while two other men buried in sand are looking on from beneath a blue umbrella.
A person carving a hawk out of a tree trunk with a chainsaw.
A man is using his finger to draw something on the sand next to a kid.
A few couples sitting on beanches next to a pool
A young man in a yellow shirt flies off his surfboard into a wave.
Handicapped woman standing in front of a Tartuffe poster.
Many people sitting at the bar with drinks in front of them.
A festival where music is being played and people are congregating.
A group of people are out on watercraft in the middle of the ocean.
The man in the green shirt is looking up.
A person does a trick with a skateboard.
Two children are playing with baby dolls while adults watch them.
A tennis player is trying to hit the ball.
A woman is jumping on a dock by the waterside.
A man and woman walking down a sidewalk, table with umbrella set up in the background.
A young boy reaches for and touches the propeller of a vintage aircraft.
Tourists enjoy a traditional boat ride in long paddle boat.
The person is going into the water.
A man in a white uniform rides a motocross bike down a forest trail.
A girl sits on a swing ride.
There is a crowd of people of men, women and children.
The crowd of people is standing outside near a fire pit.
A picture of a walkway formed by two rows of columns.
Two females jump off of swings.
A man, wearing all black clothing, is running down the street as a car comes toward him with its headlights on.
An eclectic group performs their concert, complete with hooded robes.
A small boy is playing a racing arcade game.
A man holds a small child's hand as they wade in a shallow river.
A chubby baby with an orange hat splashes in a shallow body of water.
A dancer poses in an empty room.
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
A small tan dog herding some sheep
A boy in a red shirt is fishing with three of his friend on a bridge.
An Asian family sits down for a snack
There is a man pitching a baseball and has a glove his left hand.
A brown dog lies on its back fighting with a brown and white dog.
A girl wearing a pink hat and gray pants climbing a chain link fence.
A man with a vest and tie on performing in front of a crowd.
An adult women and a little girl sit by water in the woods.
This person is doing a trick on his bicycle.
A young girl is fishing with some elderly people, possibly her grandparents.
A man in black is singing into a microphone.
A man is pole vaulting in front of a white building.
A man is holding a microphone wearing white pants.
Small Asian girl and boy running towards the camera in the opposite direction of the other people.
A group of people is outside taking a source.
A young girl making a pattern to design clothes.
Several elderly men sit on a bench in park.
Several young people riding on a big yellow fair ride
A person skateboarding at a skate park.
A man and a woman on stage performing a dance.
A man standing on a ladder talking to another man who is hanging out of a window.
A group of people sitting in a pink room with candles.
Three men eating food on a couch.
A cyclist airborne having jumped his bike off a graffiti covered ramp.
A black dog jumping over a hurdle.
Young man with upturned hair posing with young man with sunglasses and woman with glasses
Two young children shovel snow outside an apartment complex.
A man jumping that is in midair doing a split in front of a beautiful building in the background.
Two men dressed up walk along the street while another man stares at them.
Ballet class performance with teacher nearby helping them remember their moves on stage.
A young girl holding two hiking poles is standing on a rock in a creek.
A person in a black tank top is playing the french horn with other people.
Two girls are in a school hallway.
A little boy in a blue shirt and kaki shorts is playing on a playground.
A man jumps in the air in the middle of a road.
A young girl dumps confetti onto a woman's head as she smiles.
A boy in a striped oxford shirt points.
Skateboarders are doing tricks on a staircase next to mirror buildings.
A man in a blue shirt cleaning windows from a harness.
A shirtless man is cooking on an outdoor grill.
The airplane is billowing smoke and looks like it may crash.
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.
Young girl brushing a horse with a handheld mane brush.
A bicyclist performing a trick over a heavily graffitied wall.
People gathered along roadside holding flag's colored red, green and white.
A boy is about to jump into the water.
An old man with a beige hat playing on his black accordion.
A brown horse is in a weird pose while galloping outside.
Two Indian women look over fabric.
A woman with long black hair is printing a white pattern on a blue piece of fabric.
The two boxers are females.
A black dog is running through the snow with something in its mouth.
A mountain biker does a trick on a forest path.
A man wearing colorful clothing and medallions on his head beats a drum while standing next to a small tree.
A man and woman sit in wicker furniture.
A hiker posing on a cliff high in the mountains.
The little girl in her bathing suit stands near the sprinkers and squeals.
A child riding a red and yellow merry-go-round while his feet up in the air.
A dog bites another dog's neck.
A child is jumping over a hole in the ground.
A girl in a red shirt is swinging on her stomach.
A dog fetching a stick in the water.
A young girl stands on the sand by a shore.
One bird is landing on the shore near many other birds.
Small puppies in bathtub being given a shower with handheld showerhead
A girl drawing a picture with a lady helping her standing behind her.
The woman wearing a red bow walks past a bicycle.
A girl with short black hair and a girl with long blond-hair pose while ice skating.
An elderly woman in a crowd pushing a wheelchair.
A black dog swims in a large pool.
A man in a building playing a horn.
The woman is training her dog to jump through hoops using training equipment.
Women are sitting around a room having a lively conversation.
Two little kids are decorating cupcakes with tubes of frosting.
A lady reading a story book.
A woman showing a children's book who seems to be upset by the content.
A man showing a book at the U.S. Army Yongsan Library.
Two white dogs are splashing around in white waves.
Three preppy men stand around a formal dinner table outside.
A group of people are standing outside near a green tent.
A couple dressed in formal wear is kissing by a lake.
A naked girl covered in painted flower designs riding a bicycle.
A boy wearing a blue shirt is standing in front of farm equipment.
A man is sleeping on the grass and covered up with a pink blanket.
Boys are throwing a football on the beach.
A woman in a white dress sits while another woman blow dries her hair.
A group of women are having makeup applied.
People sit at tables next to hedges.
A man with sunglasses walking in a park.
A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers.
Two old guys are sitting on a park bench
A blond girl has her mouth open, looking away from the photographer.
Two dogs are running on a beach.
A woman riding a horse in a show jumping competition.
Six people are walking up a blue ramp
A family and a man in military clothing look at a cake.
A little girl blows out the candles on her cake.
A child in a helmet plays on a skateboard by a playground.
They are practicing for the band for the parade.
Five military personnel in blue pants with brass instruments.
A group of people dressed well, outside of 2 cars
A man in a blue shirt riding a bicycle through a park.
A woman with a black and white sweater standing on a walkway.
A person wearing a red jacket holds a beer while a man in a white shirt follows.
A blue building has smoke pouring out while a firetruck sits in front of it.
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
A guy jumps off of rocks into the water.
A boy with a red shirt waves his arms in the air as he looks at another person.
A woman retrieving balls from a miniature golf hole.
A small child in a blue jacket is using his yellow pale to water a plant.
A woman playing mini-golf, putting a blue ball out of the water.
Guys drinking in a crowded pub, just chatting and having a beer.
A man and a woman looking over a railing.
A raft is being paddled through a white water river.
A pair of boots are worn by a woman wearing orange tights.
Three Vietnamese women paddle their boats along the river market in the morning.
Two dogs play in shallow water.
Females are painting a large grid painting of Africa and other parts of the world.
People in Ghostbusters outfits stand on a sidewalk.
A white and brown dog is playing in the dirt with a toy.
A man rides a bike in the woods.
A Pug dog is standing up on two legs looking over a stone wall.
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.
A man in uniform wears a helmet with chin strap and red top.
Two men are playing in a sports game together.
They are playing with a soccer ball on the beach.
Young girl in pink hat taking pictures.
A boy stands in the middle the road and kicks a red ball.
A dog jumps of a surfboard
Several people watching as a skateboarder leaps down a flight of stairs.
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
Black, brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass.
A boy throws leaves into the air.
Construction workers balance on a narrow beam far above the ground.
A group of individuals chatting at a bar.
Two girls are playing softball and one is sliding to the home plate.
Skateboarder in a red shirt grinding along the edge of a concrete ramp.
The woman is walking with her children all holding ice cream cones.
A large group posing for a photo on a lawn.
A brown and black dog watches over a heard of animals.
Man on top of a partially completed roof getting ready to lay down more shingles.
A child wearing a helmet riding a mountain bike very fast through a forest.
People in pirate outfits are playing in a band.
A woman on her cellphone, and a man laying next to her on his cellphone as well.
A group of men play instruments on a stage.
A small asian boy wearing a black and blue t-shirt is standing on a white staircase.
A man in a red coat is snowblowing a parking lot.
Women in a green dress with a purple hula hoop around her, a large crowd of people behind her.
A man is walking outside with two dogs.
A young girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear.
A 5-person band is performing on a stage inside a tent.
This rooftop skateboarder flies high doing a trick to impress his friend.
Asian women at a party are talking by the wall.
A girl is jumping off a high dive in an urban setting.
A young man wearing a checkered shirt at a young bull fight.
A group of people walking in the same direction include two women, one of whom is wearing sunglasses and shorts.
A fisherman in a hat gathering his nets in murky water near the shore.
A blond girl and brunette brown hanging by gymnastic ropes
A man in a blue shirt is riding his bike on a paved road.
A man in a white shirt and a black baseball cap reaching up to a sign on a brick wall.
Someone bent a bit in the middle of a large building.
Two men in black suits are walking towards a business office.
Three cowboys grabbing a bull by the horns and wrestling it.
An explorer in an ice cave stands above a large sheet of dark blue ice.
Four people are sitting at a table in front of an audience.
A man wearing black, speaks into a microphone, while a woman writes.
A team of four judges rates a competition.
A man on a boat getting ready to pull in his net to see what he caught.
Texas baseball player catches the ball on base while the opponent slides.
A woman and a baby take a nap in the sand.
A man stands on a ladder propped up against a brick building.
A large yellow dog and a small white dog in the grass.
A young boy plays on a swing.
An Asian young woman wearing a white shirt and black pants is holding a pink purse.
A man finishing up some floor work with a brush.
An African American woman walks down the street while talking on a cellphone holding a black purse.
A red truck is driving over a rocky surface.
A black dog walks on the beach near the rocks.
A dog with a yellow toy is being chased by another dog
A brunette flight attendant in a red uniform is pushing a meal cart on the airplane.
A person playing cricket in an all green outfit
Two women sitting back to back outise an office area.
A man windsurfs in a wetsuit.
A girl with freckles and metal earrings enjoys a cherry indoors.
A woman walks four dogs.
One young girl dressed in red polka dot outfit plays with toy.
Four bridesmaids posing dramatically with the groom.
A mountain biker is jumping his bike over a tree stump in the woods.
A girl is kneeling on a swing at the park.
A skateboarder is performing stunt on a graffiti covered skateboard ramp.
The skateboarder is riding the ramp next to the very big painting.
A surfer wearing a black and green wetsuit riding a wave.
A white woman holding a Panasonic video camera in a park.
Men in blue carrying something on their shoulders followed by a band.
The elaborate Jesus shrine is being carried in a parade.
A black dog running in shallow water on a beach.
Two boys sitting and eating ice cream.
A man plays a guitar while sitting on bleachers in front of a lake.
A man and a woman in wedding clothes look out toward the water.
A little league football game is underway in a suburban neighborhood.
A young couple in wedding outfits poses for a picture.
The bride in the white dress is surrounded by the groomsmen and bridesmaids, all in black.
Young couple wearing formal wear, slow dancing on the dance floor.
A smiling girl slides down a purple slide feet first.
A man in a straw hat and overalls is with a friend outdoors.
Two women, one with a camera, reach out and touch a mirrored ball.
A woman is purchasing items from the man in the red shirt's yard sale.
There are groups of people in green or purple shirts gathered outside holding signs and purple balloons.
A dog is jumping through a red hoop
The girl in the pink top is riding a skateboard along a white wall.
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.
A boy swings on a swing set.
A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond.
A group of students smiling in front of a camera.
A person wipes out in the water.
A young man is jumping over a long pole at a skate park.
A group of people gather on a gravel road near a car.
Two horses look over a fence at a child wearing a red sweatshirt.
Kids playing ball in the park.
A boy does gymnastics in the grass by the blue play tunnel, as two boys stand on the patio of a ranch-style house.
A group of cyclists are racing in a velodrome.
Six competitive cyclists wait for the race to begin at the starting line.
Young cyclists prepare for a race.
A man is trying out a display piece of exercise bike equipment.
The bike racers are racing
Teen athletes are resting on a bench after their run.
These (7) ladies received an award and some presented with flowers with one man at-ease.
A man wearing a light blue sweatshirt is sitting at a table in front of a budweiser bottle.
A couple stands close at the water's edge.
A woman in a furry hat and black overcoat putting on her left shoe.
A cyclist is getting ready to start his indoor race.
A woman in red, white and blue racing attire riding a bicycle.
Men play baseball.
Two kids and a man are walking by a poorly put together shack.
Two young men are posing for the camera.
A man wearing glasses, a white shirt and tie, and slacks stands by a bed that has white pillows on it.
The gymnast is wearing a red outfit and jumping.
A girl is performing while dressed in a green and white striped sari.
A baseball is being thrown at a volleyball net.
Four men are looking at the motor of their boat in the river.
A little girl painting the sidwalk white.
Boy jumping off skateboard as it goes down the stairs.
The three field hockey players are all chasing the ball.
Four boys are outside at a playground with a green and yellow ball.
Two people playing with a Frisbee.
Three women in saris dance near a large flag.
Man in red jacket climbing ice face.
The man is performing a trick high in the air with a bicycle.
A child paints with different colors using brushes.
Three children are wearing face paint and smiling.
A man holds up a contestant in a bicycle race.
A woman is riding her bike in a bike race.
The Canadian biker sponsored by H&amp;R Block rides by.
A large brown dog sits next to a small white dog in a field of long grass.
A bulldozer on a beach with no water.
A lone bicyclist wearing a helmet jumping a graffitied concrete ramp.
A man playing a bass on stage.
A woman in a black tank top and a man in an orange shirt sit their backs to the camera.
3 boats in the water, person in middle boat wearing a purple shirt.
Two young boys sitting beside a fresh fruit stand, at a farmers market.
An older man sits and several people stand.
A woman in a one piece bathing suit splashing in the water.
A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.
Several people are riding bikes with people in stands watching.
A sports team is lined up outside.
These four men, two shirtless, are shoveling sand.
A skydiver flies through the air near a tall building.
Dirt bikers traverse a series of jumps.
A surfer going through a wave.
Adult with glasses feeding a newborn kitten with a tiny bottle.
Two people being photographed from behind sitting on a bus
A little girl in a pink shirt takes a swing at a t-ball.
Woman is showing a large Star of David to young students.
A cheerleader dressed in an orange and white outfit is tossed in the air by four other cheerleaders on the ground.
An ump in black watches a baseball game.
A crowd of people singing with four green strobe lights shining in the background.
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.
A woman holds her cellphone up to a cardboard box of kittens while another woman watches them.
Overweight girl holds a large black gerbil in her hands.
Three smiling children swing in a tire swing at a playground.
A woman stretches by the ocean at sunrise.
Three large dogs are playing in the water at the beach.
People at an outdoor farmer's market.
An older gentleman in a plaid shirt and glasses is smiling at the camera.
Men wearing hats walk on the street.
The black dog is tugging at a green rope.
Dancers perform on stage.
A man on a skateboard jumping an orange cone.
Man in yellow hat holding up trophy
Two people on stage hold a pose, as other characters stand on the background.
The black dog is pouncing on something in the yard.
A man is playing the guitar on the sidewalk while another man sits in the background near a bicycle.
People walking through a quaint area.
Two children, one boy and one girl, walking down a paved road holding a black umbrella.
A blond woman stands behind a microphone.
Two women are smiling next to a microphone on a stage.
A man holding flowers runs from two policeman.
A toddler holds a rubber chicken suspended in air
A child plays with a costumed adult at a parade.
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.
Two men carrying luggage are standing in the middle of field of green grass.
Three woman and a man sing their hearts out in the microphone.
Two terriers jumping after a tennis ball in a park
A young girl is wearing a purple shirt and pink headband.
Two brown dogs run through a field.
People playing cricket in the park, pine trees in the back.
A young adult male stands with a basketball on a court.
A group of dogs standing in a river.
A group of people sitting on yellow chairs and talking.
A man in a flannel shirt is standing inside of a hollow tree.
Two dogs run through a field.
People are at an outdoor shopping bazaar walking and looking at merchandise.
A man jumps in the air while sky surfing.
A rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp.
Three men are sitting down laughing.
Two little girls reading a book at the library.
A large group of brighty clothed dancers taking photographs.
A man dressed in black is surfing on a large blue wave.
A man in an office is checking information on his laptop.
A man is holding a large object, bending in front of many plants.
A woman looking through the window of locksmith.
A brown dog is staring into the distance while standing on dry grass.
The child in the blue shirt is running through the sand.
White dog with collar running in fenced in grassy area
A man and woman dressed up dance together outdoors.
Orchestra playing for people in hard hats in a room with a damaged ceiling
A woman kneels before a sewing machine.
A brown dog with a baseball in its mouth.
Two young boys playing on the rocks.
A long-haired, bearded young skateboarder does a stunt on a skateboarding surface.
A man on a train with a blue shirt on.
A man with a full head mask, khakis, and a blue shirt sits on a suitcase near orange and white construction barrels and pays the accordion for five people sitting in green and white lawn chairs.
A baby in a pool splashing water in the air.
A girl stands with both hands up looking off at the setting sun and a sailboat.
A man standing in snow with a mountain in the background
A show jumper is clearing a white fence on his horse.
Man in shorts and blue shirt cooking on charcoal grill.
A person is in the air on a bike near a body of water.
These skateboarders are attempting stunts at night.
Six young adults, one holding a dog by the leash, jump ecstatically on the beach.
A group of people spending time at a park in costume.
A young guy wearing all gray and a cap looks at a punching bag while other look on.
Man walking next to a horse pulling a cart in forest.
2 kids sleeping while the adults dance the night away.
A man is outside sitting next to a tree and bushes.
An older gentleman and lady standing on a outdoor stairway talking, each with folders in their hands.
A little girl kneeling on a bed.
A coach and referee have a discussion while a baseball game is in progress.
A dog jumps over a hurdle.
A white dog jumps out of the water to catch a tennis ball.
A man is walking past a red building while wearing specialized gear.
A man wearing slacks and a red shirt dances with a woman wearing a tight red dress.
A man and a woman wearing red embracing.
A man and woman couple is dancing with blurry trees in the background.
Students sitting in a lecture hall listening to a lecture.
A young girl is seating in front of a machines pressing buttons.
A black and white dog jumping over a hurdle.
Two pedestrians passing a restaurant look at the dog that is looking at them.
An older man and a younger man are wearing jackets.
A man in a green jacket staring at the sky near a forrest.
A young man and woman hug while wearing wigs.
Two men sit at a table on the sidewalk under a francisco street sign
An older man stands on the sidewalk painting the view.
A man and two women are inside a greenhouse holding gardening tools.
Two horses with riders, race along the track.
A woman with a green shirt and a woman with an orange shirt posing with outstretched arms
Young girl in a brightly colored outfit peeks through a wooden fence.
Horse jockeys racing on horses in a race.
A rider on a dirt bike races through a forest.
A toddler wearing a blue hat and coat is looking up at a sign and pointing.
Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles.
Someone is ski-ing off the top of some type of building.
A man with a cigarette in his mouth is playing pool.
A bunch of kids are climbing on a tree and hamming it up.
A girl in black hat holding an african american baby.
Here we have a guy using a pressure washer on the sidewalk.
Men are walking with a pack of dogs.
A very happy boy is climbing a pole on a porch in a backyard.
A woman wearing a digital watch is singing into a microphone.
Some people are standing around a large inflatable slide, watch a child slide down it.
A soccer team poses for a picture.
A brown and white dog is running with its mouth open accross a field.
Woman in a blue jacket sitting at the edge of a tennis court.
A man does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs.
A pair of black dogs runs in the surf.
A group of women in native garb sit on the floor.
A motocross driver speeds by during a race.
The boy on a skateboard is jumping through the air.
A dog swims in the water.
Four people walking down the street and one is trying to jump in a shopping cart.
The smiling child has bubbles near their ear.
A group of players chase a ball on a field.
One professional wrestler leaps onto another outside the ring.
A blond woman in a green tank top rides her bicycle in front of an apartment building.
A man grinding down a handrail.
A boy recoils from the impact of sand onto his bare chest.
Two men jump around together outside of a building.
A man is on the back of his friend.
The ladies with this young girl look happy.
A young boy wearing a spider-patterned shirt on the sand.
A young man in a fishing canoe.
A boy in a white shirt is doing a kick in the air.
Three people riding on a blue and white boat.
Two men in a cage are boxing with each other in front of tons of people.
The young man leaps to serve the volleyball on the beach.
Riders on a roller coaster hold their hands up in excitement as the train races down the tracks.
A young boy in a blue transformer shirt walking in shallow water with a pleased look on his face.
A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert.
A group working together to pull something to shore.
A man in gray sits and watches a waterfall from a rock.
Children in uniform walking to school.
A man is jumping with his body forward toward a photograph screen and a large photography light.
A dog wading into the water
Three men adjust ropes around a brown metal pipe.
The large dog watches the small one play with rope.
A brunette is outside a fruit and vegetable shop selecting groceries to purchase.
Boy plays baseball in a grass field.
A young boy carrying a large soccer ball with a soccer feild in the background
A man in the distance filling a wheel barrel.
A group of people are sitting on the steps outside.
A man is laying in a small multicolor tent.
The number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red dressed opponents.
A child is thrown in the air on the beach.
Two kids, one wearing white one wearing red, playing in the water on a beach.
A young man is napping at work on a chair outside the door.
A child, aged under 10 years old is midair during a basketball shot.
Group of people riding in a bus.
A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area.
A man holds two puppies.
Two people are performing a dance with fire as the main attraction.
Three kids playing with balls on a lawn
Two dogs play in a river, one is making a splash.
A man is climbing on rocks by the water.
Two men wearing helmets are knelt down among six traffic cones in the street.
Two people on a bench sitting in the shade.
A tattooed man with a white dog jumping up for a stick.
A woman playing on an oversize checkers board.
A young man skateboards in black shoes, black pants, and a white top with sunglasses.
A man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts eating.
A group of people, many with backpacks, walk down a corridor carrying rolling luggage.
Three muzzled and numbered dogs running through the grass.
A dog is standing on its hind legs with its paws outstretched whilst carrying a red object in its mouth.
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.
A silver car goes out of control on a racetrack.
A man on a skateboard while the crowd watches.
A man wearing a blue shirt is playing drums.
Two men walk in front of a white brick building.
A man in red swimming trunks pushing a baby stroller down a crowded beach.
A boy and a girl play on there floor with a train set.
Two men in an orange boat ride across the water.
A mountain bike racer jumps his bike as spectators watch.
There's a group of eight people paddling kayaks in a body of water.
A group of cheerleaders cheering.
Two children are in a pool with a beach ball floating nearby.
A baseball player is passing the ball, while a man walks across the camera's view.
A little boy with a blue shirt carries a blue shovel at the beach, as he runs towards a couple of seagulls.
Man inspecting his bicycle near a road.
The big dog is looking through the fence at the small dog.
Young people are sitting and talking in a coffee bar.
A group of children gather around a white dog on the grass outside.
Young girl in red dress is kissing another girl on the head.
Two people and a dog play in the water using a blue inflatable toy.
Cheerleaders in Falcons outfits are forming a pyramid.
Two cheerleaders dressed in black and pink are posing with one leg held up.
Cheerleaders, building a pyramid, pose in front of a crowd.
A man dressed in blue standing in front of a colorful fruit and vegetable stand
A man, lying on the grass, hand outstretched to another arm.
A woman in blue and a man in red are about to kiss with foliage nearby.
A group of people dancing together.
Man looking very exciting holding headphones standing outside next to a woman.
Racing on wet road while man hangs on back.
A boy is throwing an object into the air while a few other children watch him.
A wet dog, playing with a toy in the water.
Dancers in white are performing on a blacked out stage with a pink lighted hue illuminating them.
A group of men playing Lacrosse at night.
A man in an orange hard hat operating heavy machinery.
The baseball player is running after the ball.
A little girl is standing next to another little girl who is taking a photograph.
Two construction workers smooth out concrete surface.
A small black dog in the ocean with some rocks in the background
A street with several people and several merchant booths along both sides.
Two men in safety vests work on a project outdoors.
A man on a bicycle performing a jump.
A boy with a t-shirt on that says FROG! stands leafing through the pages of a book.
A kid touching a baseball base and wearing a blue helmet.
Two men standing near a metal structure in front of a brick wall.
Red and white motorbike number 58 races around the track.
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
Jockeys on horses during a race.
A man is partially silhouetted and leaning against a dark object.
Two men in different colored jerseys play hockey.
A woman in sunglasses is smiling as she sits on top of some rocks.
Two children in blue shirts laying on benches
A woman wearing a black and white outfit is ice skillfully skating while other people watch her.
A jockey rinding a horse prepares to jump over an obstacle
Girl making a weird face dancing in a parade.
People are walking on a sidewalk in a city.
A skateboarder does a trick on the coping of a bowl.
Mother and child wearing blue shirts playing outside.
A man wearing a gray shirt waving in the middle of a plant nursery
A dog running on a trail in the mountains.
A man wearing a backpack looks up at a waterfall.
Four children are waiting as someone cuts wood.
A guy is getting his hair shaved off by another guy, while a third guy takes a picture.
A boy punching with a spray of snow.
One man in a green kayak paddling through the water.
Two Asian women hold a vibrant YMCA poster.
The daughter admits that her mom is cool in her aviator sunglasses.
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain.
A group of people with luggage line up outside of an airport.
A group of people are having a party.
A brown and white dog runs in a field of yellow flowers.
Guys gathered outside an ice cream store on a sunny day.
The young woman with the scarf is giving a present to someone.
The two boys are playing in wet sand.
A girl's hands, another person's feet, and a boy playing bongo drums sit on a picnic table.
A boy with a basketball, leaping for the goal.
A boy is doing a skateboarding trick in the air.
The men are using hoes to break the soil.
There is a tree or vine on the side of the building.
Spectators watching a motorcyclist ground around a track.
A man wearing no shirt and a backpack runs with a box on his head.
Two people eating food in the sunlight.
A young woman with tight abs is lifting weights.
Children are playing soccer, while an adult looks on.
A brown dog is running on a rock.
A group of women dancing together.
Some school teachers are doing crafts and the others are discussing something in a colorful room.
An older woman is cutting something out of a book.
A young girl making an arts and crafts project as a teacher looks over the table.
Two women are sitting at a table together working on crafts.
Yellow dog stands on hind legs with ball in mouth, building in background.
Large group of people at convention of some sort perusing merchandise.
A man and a woman holding cups with another man nearby.
A small black dog jumps over a bar.
A man with a shaved head riding a mountain bike.
Man kayaking losing his paddle and falling out of the boat.
Two women are having a drink and a good time.
The eagle is flying low to the ground.
A woman works in a booth with colorful merchandise.
A woman walking parallel to a yellow line against traffic.
A group of hockey players and one official stand on the ice during a game.
Man setting up table of cheese wheels.
A surfer on a yellow surfboard is splashing up water onto another surfer.
A man falling off of his surfboard.
A man walks across a rooftop in the city with a kite flying overhead.
A bike rider riding in the opposite direction of traffic.
A man with a stick in his left hand in a field
Man playing guitar in a dark room.
A guy with a blue helmet stands on ropes above everyone else.
Young boy with red swim trunks playing in sand on the beach.
A woman jumps up to avoid a leak from a fermentation tank.
A dog leaps through a snowy field.
The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence.
Men at a rodeo try to tame a bull.
A woman is getting her hair curled by someone else with a curling iron.
A man at a rodeo is thrown off a horse.
A man wearing a purple hat and clown makeup is cheering to a crowd.
A woman in a blue tennis outfit completes a swing.
A lab dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background.
Three people standing on boardwalk looking at buildings across the water.
A woman with a guitar sings in front of a building and grass.
Three people wrestle with a bull at a rodeo.
A group of women riding horses while holding the flags of multiple nations
Two motorcycle racers on a track, one without his motorcycle.
A man wearing no shirt does a trick on his red and black bicycle.
A young man jumps a bicycle off a sloped wall over a bench.
People watching two men in brownish orange robes handling snakes on dirt road.
A young man wearing a tan shirt jumping high in the air on mats.
A native American band plays instruments under a tent.
An Indian chief in full dress.
There is person standing in water and playing with a dog.
The brown-haired man and woman are posing for a picture.
Three hard hat construction workers taking a break near their plant.
A duck flaps its wings near the water.
A person taking a picture of someone skating down a railing at night.
A little boy batting in a baseball game.
A batter swinging at a pitched baseball with a batter warming up in the background.
A small child sitting on his knees on a white tile floor.
Two children are laughing and playing in a tire swing at a park.
A group of kids and a mother watch as an american girl plays on her cellphone.
A man dressed in an orange colored robe wearing sandals is sitting on a bench outside of a building.
An older man in a white sweater talks on a cellphone.
Several young children with their fingertips on the egde of a white Frisbee
A hot air balloon has some trouble taking off.
A man looks over a menu while the waiter waits to take his order.
Two men are kickboxing.
A dog is swimming through deep water near several ducks.
A man wearing a light blue shirt and navy pants is walking down an alley.
Two boys are kicking a yellow soccer ball in the surf at the beach.
A man wearing a black hat opening a cardboard box.
The Father and a son are running in the seashore.
A girl playing in a puddle while wearing a pink coat
Two woman are showing different facial expressions and wearing gold and purple costumes.
Two white dogs and one light brown dog running along the beach.
Two white and brown dogs barking on the shoreline while waves roll in behind them.
Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle.
Four young puppies snuggling together in the middle of a blanket.
Person doing a skateboard stunt
Two women, who are very athletic, are playing beach volleyball.
A man sitting in a chair in front of a red building.
A white dog and a black and white dog are playing while two more black dogs move towards them.
A young boy taking a picture through the glass and two females chatting.
A blue, red, and yellow plane does a loop in the air.
A group of boys play basketball together.
Three mountain bikers are in a race in the woods.
Two boys swing standing up on a yellow swing set
A flock of seagulls is taking off from the beach.
A man is sitting by the lake, under an umbrella, painting.
A young boy in a green swing rides through the air near a barn.
Elderly couples dance at night, with strings of lights in the background.
A horse jockey is riding on a course.
Adults wearing balloon hats are watching children play in a balloon castle.
A crowd scene with people in yellow and white native clothing.
A woman in an orange scarf pulls a pack of cigarettes from a carton.
A baseball pitcher in a red and white uniform throws the ball while his teammate watches.
A man grilling hotdogs and sausages.
A woman in a black and blue outfit is dancing in the street with a woman in a black and red outfit.
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
A man with a shaved head stands in a river and holds onto a rope.
A woman wearing a helmet is in a rollerskating competition.
Six people are posing for a picture in front of a wall with graffiti.
The three dogs play in the sand.
Two boys walk out on a military monument over grassy green fields.
Two women are climbing over rocks near to the ocean.
5 male polo players in action during a game on a polo field on a sunny day.
A young lady is wearing bright pink sunglasses and sitting on a small trampoline.
The boy wearing the red jacket is hanging on the side of the swing set.
A man in shades and a sweatshirt watches a girl stand in a recycling bin.
A man is jumping from a rock into the ocean while others are watching.
The man and child are swimming.
Two teen guys are doing skateboard tricks at a skate park.
A yellow dog runs through green grass.
A man standing next to a little girl standing in a garbage can in a yard.
Waterskier jumps off the water's surface, unknown structure in background.
A young girl in a yellow dress and a small boy in a white suit.
A child in a pink dress outside.
A brindle dog standing next to a christmas tree sniffing a small child laying on the floor as the child plays with toy vehicles.
A girl is lying on a short brick wall.
A woman is sitting on a bus facing many brown houses.
Three women in business wear walk across a courtyard.
A little boy wearing goggles is holding a gun.
Man playing a game with a young girl.
There are men in a room with soda and chips on a table.
A man is interacting with a dog that is running past him.
A woman wearing a yellow shirt runs along a red track.
A dog walks on a path surrounded by trees.
Several women dressed in gypsy-like clothing dance about in a forest.
A young boy is swimming with goggles.
A woman talks to her friends while sitting in a restaurant.
A man in a green jacket smoking a cigarette throwing a small ball.
Male in green plaid shirt and name tag, holding a microphone with right thumb in his blue jean's pocket.
Many people sit a table clothed tables eating food and making conversation.
Two Asian women with short black hair talking with each other.
The baby enjoys taking its bath.
Two dogs, one tan and one black, play tug-of-war on the grass near the pond.
A boy and girl kissing in the sunset.
A smiling blond-headed little girl is lying on the floor tummy down looking up while a line of dominoes sit beside her.
A young boy in patriotic shorts running on the beach.
A man sleeps on a bench behind a fountain.
Couple sleep on subway line sitting next to each other.
A man is roller-skating down the wall next to some white steps.
The man is carrying several cases while riding a skateboard.
A group of people smiling and riding on a boat.
A little boy in a green striped shirt holding up a stick on his porch.
A large woman in a black and white stripe shirt is holding some colorful decorations while staring at two men.
A man and a woman exercising in a park.
Two race cars on a road in front of a grassy parking area.
A child drawing a picture using crayons
Infant boy with blond-hair in blue clog sandals, blue jumper, touching an orange traffic cone.
A baby in a black shirt is mouthing a blue elephant toy.
A man drinking out of two green wine bottles at the same time.
A blue bird is flying through the trees.
Two people are looking out into the water at the end of a wooden jetty.
A wrestler jumps over the ropes.
The man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air.
A buy skateboarding at a skate park.
While sitting on a blue plastic chair, a man in a pink shirt peels fruit into a bowl.
Girl in pink striped mittens laughing in a crowd.
Two young men and a woman are standing at the back of a blue pickup truck sorting through vegetables with smiles on their faces.
A girl dressed in pink runs from the ocean to the beach.
A group of men are sitting and standing a courtyard, some of them are reading books and some are talking.
A young female with brown hair holds an orange butterfly.
A woman wearing a warm up suit looks at her cellphone.
A man in blue jumping a dirt bike.
A man is driving a motorcycle in the dirt near bushes.
Women sitting in chairs look through a binder.
Two dogs run with a young child along a lake
A group of people are listening to someone talk.
The New York Mets ended the inning by catching an overeager Boston player heading back to first.
The Red Sox outfielder catches a fly baseball with his glove.
A small crowd of people sitting at tables and consuming food or beverages while others are standing or walking.
A man and women are working with each other
Most people are sitting at tables reading but one man looks like he's sleeping.
A solider shaving outside while a dog is at his side.
A baseman catches a baseball while a runner slides to touch the base during a game of baseball.
A woman stands in front of a man holding a small, smiling baby.
A young girl upside down on a swing set
A very happy person walking in the woods with the leaves blowing.
A woman is carrying a child across a stone bridge.
Three people loading or unloading their car.
A girl does a side bend in the surf, another girl behind her, the sun setting.
A woman signs paperwork at an event.
A soldier walking a dog with a satchel in its mouth.
A group of adults have their bikes ready to ride
A US Army soldier teaches a student how to treat wounds
Two men and a woman playing a happy game of spin the bottle.
Three girls in colorful outfits are dancing under a stage light.
A boy climbing a tree; smiling for the picture.
A man climbing up on a rock ledge.
Ladies being taken through an exercise routine by the military
A group of people ride horses through a wooded area.
A brown dog jumps in the ocean.
People on the street watch a street performer with a guitar.
Peoople stand outside a building near a street.
Four young women wearing bikini swimsuits leap into the ocean on a sunny day.
A black dog sticking its nose into the water.
A boy doing a flip in the air at the beach.
A group of kids are riding a subway.
Two girls are posing behind a tree with big smiles.
A spotted black and white dog splashes in the water.
A person is riding a bicycle with a red wall in the background.
Two people stop on an empty city street.
A brown dog treads the water with something in its mouth.
Two young kids walk up some stairs.
Street view of a city featuring a old asian woman walking by a pay phone.
Three policemen, one on his cop bike, wearing black uniforms with black boots.
A cowboy waves a lasso in the air at a horse show.
Three people, two playing drums and one playing a horn instrument.
Two men are climbing on an interestingly shaped rock feature.
A person learning how to rock climb with another person assisting.
A crowded bus and a young man in glasses pinching his nose.
Man in martial arts-style costume jumping in midair.
A small boy in a white shirt is jumping with a sword in his hand.
A diver underwater posing next to a large aquatic organism.
The boy in the black swim trunks dives into the pool.
A woman in a pink jacket sits while typing on a laptop.
Two women wearing helmets and safety pads appear to be fighting.
A dog splashing through a puddle in the grass.
A bird flies low to the ground.
A woman putting a necklace on another woman
A line of military trucks are passing by a soldier who is walking away.
An asian man riding his bicycle down the street.
Two women in a mixture of Islamic and American garb bring large boxes on a cart through a checkout line.
A man in a yellow shirt standing at a counter.
A man wearing aqua pants and matching flip-flops pulls a cart carrying handmade brooms through the street.
A man climbs out of the ocean onto a rock
The vendor is holding a lot of balloons created in the shape of Disney characters.
A young girl in a bright yellow dress surrounded by yellow flowers
Teens are posing for a picture at a crowded event.
Two adults enjoying a painting of hand prints.
A girl in all pink is jumping into the air at a bowling alley.
Two people are climbing up a huge, snowy mountain.
Two climbers are wearing backpacks ascending a very snowy mountain.
Some people waiting to purchase items from a street vendor.
Two teenage boys jump flailing into a hotel pool.
The boy in the red shirt is skateboarding.
Two women and a man are dressed casually sitting at a table around a lantern in the woods.
A man does Ti Chi on a rock overlooking a forest.
Three young men stand against a wall talking while one young boy looks forward holding a poster.
A person in a long cloak and a cane walking.
A group of children are huddled together in a yard with a bamboo fence.
A smiling toddler in a pink swimsuit is laying in the water.
A man tossing a Frisbee to his dog that leaps to catch it.
A policeman on a horse surrounded by onlookers.
Two puppies are tugging on a rag in the grass.
Man paddles red kayak, orange kayak in background.
A person is riding a bike on a dirt road.
Muscular man taking pictures of a lake with boats.
A man in the blue shirt is playing a song on his guitar while a woman and a child listen.
A man wearing sunglasses sitting next to a table full of beverages.
Two young men on bicycles one is doing a flip while the other watches
A man in a yellow shirt holds his thumb out.
A man with a hat and a woman with a black top are walking on a grass field.
Three black dogs running after an orange ball.
A boy in green throws his left leg into a kick.
A boy stands on a black bench.
A dog running at the beach with a man looking in the background.
A nascar driver trying to keep his car on the course
Two people with red vests on standing in white snow in a passage.
Tourists are standing a mountain viewpoint beneath a clear blue sky.
A woman dressed in blue leaps into the water's edge at a beach as a photographer takes a picture.
A pitcher throws the ball.
7 people who are wearing all black are walking on a glacier.
Number 24 feels it is his turn to score the soccer ball.
Men in uniform, with flags, are gathered outdoors for a ceremony.
A novice gymnast shows her acrobatic talent by leaping from a bar stool.
Two white swans in the lake.
Several people are climbing a snow covered mountain.
A young boy with a red shirt, blue jeans and sneakers appears to be running by the Pioneer County office.
A shabby looking man stands near a carriage full of crates.
A large group of people are watching something, screaming, and taking pictures.
Two people in life jackets in a rowboat
Four musicians stand and play their instrument and sing into microphones.
A person skateboarding down a ramp at night.
A young boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress.
Individual on rocks with a waterfall in the background.
A woman in a green top riding a bike.
Some people are in a bicycle shop.
A row of bicycles, and people sitting on a dock, near the waterside.
Three young men are inspecting their bicycles in the sun.
A brown dog with a blue muzzle is running on green grass.
Man in a brown shirt cooking meat cooking meat on a small grill.
This is a bunch of people standing in line at what looks like a bicycle shop.
A man on a bike does a very high jump.
Bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end.
The blue and gray vehicle is racing through the gravel.
A red race car going down a dirt road with a group of people watching.
A man in a group of people is taking a photo.
A man in a brown coat and jeans is walking down a street.
A woman returns the tennis ball.
Three people are crouched down close to the ground with orange buckets beside them.
The three men are playing basketball on a blacktop.
Two women in black with flags are standing in front of an old-fashioned car.
A person jumping a ramp with three people in the background.
A brown dog is standing on his back legs trying to reach something in the man's hand.
A woman cleaning a sneeze screen at a restaurant.
Three people walking through a wooded area during the day.
The two men are engaged in a boxing match.
A group of runners standing in front of a red car in Europe.
A kid with red short about to jump into the pool
The person is throwing a yellow object in the air while standing on sand.
A skateboarder approaches a ramp.
A man in a red uniform swings while another in a blue uniform jumps and others look on.
The small child is standing on a tricycle.
A man in a center of travel is carrying many things.
A group of children sit, stand, and kneel along a wall.
Three men in black jackets stand by a desk in a field holding red microphones.
A quad sends dirt flying into the air.
Three boys in suits and sashes and a girl in a dress in sash in a field.
Two men play lacrosse or field hockey.
A white and tan dog runs along the green grass.
An Asian child is nude having fun in the water, despite being in dirty water.
A woman skating in a roller derby wearing a red helmet with a white star on it.
A little boy wearing an orange shirt is sitting on a purple chair.
A child in a white and green soccer uniform kicks a white ball.
A man works in a bike shop.
A girl in a cowboy hat and a boy standing on the ocean shore
A man waterskiing through the air near a dock.
Woman with a red helmet and red and black stockings playing roller derby.
Girl in pink top dancing in a field.
Two young boys are playing in the water.
A musician and a crowd next to stage full of musical instruments.
Man with rifle, glasses, hat, in camouflage takes picture next to dog, in front of a field.
Several people on a bus, one is an unhappy woman.
Young boy with brown hair and black goggles cupping hands over face emerging from the water in a pool
A girl is standing on a snowy cliff.
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy.
A young girl throws her graduation cap into the air.
A student music ensemble rehearses a piece of music.
A gymnast does a handstand on the parallel bars.
A guy doing a grind over an edge in his skateboard.
Two men run through a parking lot wearing camouflage pants.
A man is sipping on a drink while listening to a gentleman talking to him
A man is playing is guitar on a sidewalk while its raining.
Three elephants, each carrying a group of people, walking through the water.
Two people a man and woman riding an elephant in a field.
A man sits outside on a wooden fence amid a large grassy field in the morning sun.
The black dog is running through water.
The large white bird swoops down hovering above the water.
Two men performing moves near to ocean.
A baseball player, in a white uniform and red hat, is getting ready to throw a ball on a sunny day.
A couple is having a discussion on the edge of a canal.
A girl is in midair with cables tied to her surrounded by blue skies.
A cabin shot of a very crowded airplane
A woman is walking with her son who has a backpack with a leash.
3 girls have fun while playing a card game.
A motocross rider is traveling along a dirt path with people watching.
A closeup of a hummingbird.
The momma dog is feeding her litter of pups.
Sports player opening a bottle of champagne to celebrate his victory
An inline skater in red pants and blue shirt skates between green cones.
A blond woman in a tan shirt sending a text.
Two men work on the sewers in the middle of the road as a BMW stops next to them.
A man is sitting on a bench, cooking some food.
Tall black man standing with a dog in the foreground, another black man in the background looking over the scene.
A construction worker, in the middle of the street.
A man about to throw a toy for a dog to go and fetch.
A barefoot man on a hill side is bent over.
An old woman is sitting next to a young girl with her fingers in her mouth.
A girl is jumping a hurdle and about to touch ground.
Four people sitting on a stone wall that overlooks trees and buildings.
A man sits playing his instrument as park goers sit behind him.
A man is skiing down a snowy hill with a large mountain in the background.
A person behind some bags inside an igloo.
Two men are having a conversation at a brick wall.
Man kissing a woman's neck on a busy sidewalk.
A young boy wearing a helmet and riding a bike in a park.
The girl is at the park playing on the jungle gym.
A black and white dog is swimming in some water
Two children read in bed.
Two asian men are leading a group of children in a game that involves touching your head.
A small girl blowing a bubble among other children.
A man picks up and swings a young child while another child looks on.
A small boat carrying two people moves through the water.
A man wearing a yellow helmet climbing the side of a large rock wall.
A man smiling while holding an acoustic guitar.
A woman and a child, both with dark hair and eyes play with two puppies that are lying on the ground.
A father and son take a break.
A group of people walk down a path in a wooded area.
Several adults are talking to a group of children.
A person wearing a gray and red jacket running through sand towards mountains.
Asian young boy with a gray sweater, playing an Asian game.
A group of Asian children play a game by standing in a circle among other adults.
A woman and a man in sweatshirts instructing many young children indoors
A young boy in a red uniform jumps on a trampoline.
People are sitting on scaffolding on a large, white building.
A runner makes a face during a race because he is in pain.
A group of people standing in the street
Adults and children are playing with water balloons in the street.
Two girls and a boy perform a dance.
Three men sit down in a building illuminated with green light.
A man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cellphone with other people behind him.
A seated man playing a small guitar next to a standing man plucking a bass.
An old bald man in the spotlight playing the guitar.
A person swims in a body of water with a waterfall.
Couple getting married, bride holding pink flowers.
Several kids standing around on the streets one playing with a ball
Men performing in front of a crowd.
A dog with a rope toy in its mouth runs on the grass.
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.
A group of kids play around in water.
A man peeking out a window of a merchant building.
Two men boxing in a match.
Two men battle it out in a boxing match with white gloves.
A brown dog leaps in the air to catch a white volleyball.
A dog catches a ball in the air
A bride and groom stand together in front of a wooden fence.
A person taking a photograph of a child in a colourful outfit.
A man is jumping on a green bicycle over a sign that says 'free dinner'.
A man making the cravat to his best friend.
Two husky little boys in black dress shirts with longish haircuts stand behind the seated woman in the white blouse.
A man in blue is caught right after releasing the bowling ball.
A woman in black is sitting next to a man wearing glasses in a coffee shop.
A pianist and a singer are ready to perform.
A man in a long-sleeved shirt, riding a yellow moped across a street.
A horse and rider jumping a small fence.
A man playing cricket, his bat pointed to the sky.
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
Two dogs on the grass, barking at each other.
Four individuals are dancing in an open street.
People sitting at a picnic table in a grassy area near a tree.
Man riding a horse jumping over a wooden fence.
A woman stands on a bridge with a crowd behind her.
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field
A snowboarder in the air over a snowy mountain.
Men and women wearing are wearing red on the street.
A man with white shoes, a white hat, and a white shirt running on pavement.
A woman diving in a blue swimsuit.
One person is tumbling on the ground next to another person with his shoes off.
Two men carry out daily tasks in a food market.
Runners participating in a race run up a hill on a paved road through wine country.
A group of people running up a hill.
A runner with plaid shorts is running a race in the countryside.
A dog leaping on pavement.
A white dog is chasing a stuffed animal being pulled on a string.
The brown dog is running outside on the grass.
A skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp.
A woman sits on a train and reads intently.
A guy flies through the air on his bicycle in a skateboard park.
Two men wearing fishing gear talk outside.
A lone sailboat moves across a beautiful blue sea with two men at the helm.
A little boy is running across a crosswalk.
A baseball player holds his bat, while the catcher and umpire squat behind him and a crowd watches.
Several people are running a race next to a vineyard.
A man is about to be tackled in the rugby game.
A woman poses next to a spinning wheel.
A man kneeling on the ground surrounded by several cats
The gondola is poling his boat in the canal.
Many people are gathered around a street with trees talking.
A woman with sunglasses is walking on the sidewalk.
A woman with the name Steph on her yellow shirt is participating in a running race with other racers.
A person is sleeping on the sidewalk with his or his face covered.
A gray-haired woman in a gray scarf and a black shirt is sitting a table with a plastic bag in her hand.
A biker prepares to go down a hill.
There are three women wearing different dresses and headbands dancing in the street.
A man reading a magazine on the couch.
A man in a green hat and blue swim trunks sunbathing on the beach.
A blue bus is parked on the street, a man walks by.
Three ballerinas dressed in white, dance outside while a woman in a black dress looks on.
Blond girl in green dress with pink flowers.
A worker is preparing fish to be sold at a market.
Older man putting on socks in a treeless sand dune.
A man in a brown hat is standing up in a group.
Two kids are playing soccer together.
The skateboarder is about to jump from a wooden bench.
Two dogs are running together through mowed grass.
A person in a white shirt skateboarding off a rail.
A man in a blue uniform kicking the soccer ball down the field
A boy on a skateboard balances on a red beam.
A young woman is jumping on a trampoline
Many people are sitting by long tables filled with computers but most are not using them.
Two rock climbers near the base of a rock face.
Childern are playing on a merry-go-round as adults on a bench watch them.
Several people are talking in an alleyway.
Two skateboarders, one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt, race each other.
A woman is operating a sewing machine as a child watches.
A large group of people walking down a street, some carrying flags or banners.
A person on a bmx bike, running a course.
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
An African woman shakes dust out of something.
A red biplane in the sky, with a trail of smoke.
A group of several people standing around a railing
A woman wearing a black skirt and pumps is riding her white and red moped.
A woman and a child sit together and smile.
A woman in white and woman in black are standing by each other talking on cellphones.
Children are praying before the beginning of school.
A red-haired girl smiling sitting next to a brown-haired man who is also smiling.
An elderly man goes for a run on a busy street.
Students in a classroom of some sort are doing art projects.
Old man playing the accordion on a street corner.
A man in white, a man in black with a red headscarf, and a blond woman smoking.
Kids are playing around the playground ship with climbing net and stairs.
A number of people are sitting at a restaurant while a waiter navigates between the tables.
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.
A little girl in a pink dress holding a hose.
A guy setting the table for dinner.
Two women walking down the sidewalk by a pond.
Two people stand outside of a red car in the city and hug.
People are passing through the city while a musician is playing.
Three seniors look out the window at the water.
A man is standing next to a woman and he is holding an electronic device to his ear.
Two girls giving the peace sign.
A man in a silver coat and hat sitting on a bus.
A rugby player blocks while holding the ball.
A man and a woman are strapped into a circular metal ride.
A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
A man is jumping up high while holding several blue balloons on a string.
Three children sit down to a meal.
Three young adults gaze at the approaching storm.
A young girl posing with another woman each smiling.
A room full of children raise their hands, fingers extended, to the sky.
A small boy does a handstand on one hand.
A man and child stand in a yard next to a bench.
A smiling man on a horse in front of brush and woods.
Crowd of people are standing around near some palm trees in the even hours of night.
A little boy is in a tire
A man stands across from a woman and holds her necklace while she looks at him.
Man with gray shirt with a white name badge.
Dogs enjoy chasing each other in the park.
Hockey player playing hockey during a game.
A bmx biker is currently in midair doing a front flip.
A showgirl puts on her lipstick in the mirror.
Men are riding bicycles while trying to carry items at the same time in front of a blue building with red trim.
A couple practice different ways to wear sunglasses in front of a red car.
Two men are speaking with another man who is wearing a blue cap and carrying a book.
Man in skeleton-printed leather outfit sitting astride a red motorcycle.
A man riding a bicycle down a ramp towards a dirt bike course.
The boy in the red and white suit is on a skateboard.
A skier helping a fellow skier get up from the snow
Two bikers, one with a mask, pose in the street with their bikes.
A man lounges in a chair while viewing a lava lamp and computer screen.
A hockey player wearing a red uniform reaches for the puck as others follow.
A brown dog is drinking water from a bowl while a black dog jumps down next to him.
Joggers running down a rural road in a race.
A man in a helmet is doing stunts on a bike.
A woman is looking at a photograph.
A Fancy outDoors Cafe on a Sunny Day.
A boy skateboards on a ramp.
A girl trying to hit a ball in the air with a tennis racket on the tennis court.
A group of people sitting around a desk.
A football player is about to catch a football.
A boy on a bike is jumping above some sand mounds.
A woman and child attempting to spray paint a bicycle.
A crowd of people seen from above, several are holding cameras.
A woman in pink enjoys her iced tea and appetizer at a restaurant.
Several people riding camels 2 per camel in the desert.
Two male UFC fighters are boxing against each other in a ring.
One fighter delivers a hard blow to the face of another fighter.
A male does an open leg trick while doing a wheelie on his bike.
A man with helmet stands in front of a building
A small black and white dog carrying a red bucket in his mouth
An older man is walking past writing on a wall.
A woman is using a sewing machine on a messy table.
A man with a dog stands, outside on bricks, holding a sign.
A man named Luke, wearing a light blue shirt and a name tag is photographed from overhead as he stands leaning against the bar.
A woman in a pink shirt examines her camera.
A fat man in a purple shirt eating a potato chip.
Older woman in an orange dress standing on a waterfront.
Three people holding cameras are standing on a dirt trail with grass on the side of it.
Four dogs run in a field.
A blond woman in a red suit cleaning a metal object.
A brown-haired girl stoops to pick up a small white puppy on an empty street.
Two smiling girls stand on a dirt road in India.
A large park beside a body of water with large animal sculpted bushes.
People look on as a guy attends to a fixed gear bike under a tent.
A bird flies low with its wings spread.
The little brown dog runs past another dog on the grass.
Two older men in coats are standing outside.
A man with a shovel is doing some digging work in a hole outside.
Hikers walk along some tough terrain.
A woman in a yellow jacket and brown hat stands on a path by a lake.
Baseball player holding a bat.
People are sitting, standing, and reading newspapers in an alleyway.
A woman in a plaid shirt looking in a glass tank.
Period re-inactors sit on grass bales and talk while others in more modern attire sit and walk in the background.
Some men and women drink wine while watching television.
Two men in black uniforms talking to a man holding a bottle of soda.
A brown dog playing with bubbles.
The skateboard is falling away from the skateboarder as he attempt a jump.
The hockey players move quickly towards the puck.
Black dog in a bandanna runs down a dirt road.
A student is cutting paper with delight.
A dog with a stick in his mouth walking through water.
A man sitting in a blue metal chair.
The group of people make single file lines on the field.
A man in a blue t-shirt holds a camera.
A woman is looking through a scientific instrument at a small piece of technology.
Seven sailors dressed in blue on a boat.
A gray dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
The player is kicking a soccer ball on the grass field.
A group of senior citizens are seated at round white tables as they wait for food.
A child petting a dog.
A child rides a bike high in the air.
Crowd watching airplane and helicopter in the sky.
Surfer partially visible through crashing wave, shore in background.
Two little kids are beating on a bongo drum.
Five large dogs run through a fenced grass area while wearing muzzles.
Four adults sitting at a table eating a meal
Two people sit on a wooden bench and face each other to talk.
A couple walking down the street.
A little girl jumps in the air next to a jukebox mural.
Two military men practicing a "take-down" maneuver.
A man in a blue shirt is walking in front of a store on a city street.
A woman and a young boy.
A balding man in a blue blazer marks in a book at a desk in front of a chalkboard.
Man in black shirt getting ready to throw the ball in bowling alley.
A blond woman at a table is writing in a book as two men look on.
Woman getting out of a red flying vehicle.
Two adolescent girls are seated at a wooden table creating homemade crafts.
A woman with glasses is looking at food.
A young, well-dressed black man seated behind a drum set and smiling.
A male performer is playing a cello.
A golden dog is looking at a blue and yellow toy on the grass.
A boy jumping off a yellow spring board.
A man and female is making quick fixes to a tire tube on the dirt.
A man in a superman costume is holding a sign, on the side of the road.
A boy in a red shirt is looking towards an easel that an artist has.
A man with a black hat and glasses playing the guitar.
A group of people are sitting in an auditorium looking at a screen on the stage.
Dog with open mouth and a toy close by in the air
Three people are standing in front of a blue wall with graffiti on it, while three metal poles and three green crates are in the foreground.
A small cat laying with a large dog
A man standing in front of two ads prepares to throw something across a field.
The brown dog is running on the grass.
A woman is petting her dog near a stone path.
A person taking a picture of group of other people.
A toddler dressed in green coat, blue jeans, and pink boots throws sand at the ocean.
Many people are walking through a rural shopping area.
Two men walk down a stone stairway, one is riding a unicycle.
A skateboarder goes down some stairs.
A woman in blue stands with one hand on a dry rock surface.
Teenagers wearing formal clothes stand in a group outside.
A man is on a cellphone standing in front of a movie poster.
Two guys joking around with each other.
A young girl is blowing bubbles with an orange bubble wand.
A young girl contorts her body during a performance.
A softball player's team watches as she swings at a pitch.
A girl in a white and brown uniform swings at a softball.
A girl wearing the number one LaFayette softball uniform is about to throw the ball.
Parents watch as girls play softball in a game.
A little girl in a purple sweater and plain shorts walks with a woman past a subway.
Man rides on bicycle as other people walk.
The woman is jumping a long distance while people watch.
A person jumping a horse over a fence.
Laying on stones, a girl with messy hair has her head on the boy laying next to her.
She is about to throw a stick for a competition.
A young boy on a skateboard is crying while an adult touches his shoulder.
A group of teens in gather in prom attire.
Two players are on a wet field and one is on the ground.
A girl in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat.
A softball player in red and white swings and hits the yellow ball.
Someone is surfing underneath a wave on a white surfboard.
A boy is leaning down in front of a girl with blue striped hair in a subway station.
A dog with an orange ball in its mouth swimming.
Players wearing orange, white and black jackets and some of them are talking to each other
A man performs a dirt bike stunt over the sand.
A mom is pushing her two kids on the swing.
An older man indulging in a bottle of amber liquid.
A dog, trailing a leash, chases a tennis ball across a grassy area.
Two men in swim trunks standing on sand.
Two men dressed in yellow uniforms are using a jackhammer in the ground.
A dog jumps to catch a ball in the surf.
A woman holding a hand puppet in front of a class of students.
Little girl and older male, holding hands and walking on train tracks.
A woman with long hair is catching a softball in a softball field.
A baseball player catches the ball while the batter reaches the base.
Two young Asian girls dressed in some sort of green and yellow clothing dance together.
A group of boys studying in a library.
Young girls perform a dance number on stage.
Women and little girls performing a cultural dance.
Black and brown dog jumping over hurdle with white supports.
Chef with two women having a conversation.
A solemn young man in a striped collared shirt is holding a picture of himself and a woman in a silver frame.
A batter swings at a ball.
Two chefs, one in traditional chef's cloths, the other in a suit cook Asian food in woks.
A player is sliding into home plate with the catcher guarding it.
A girl and woman are posing while sitting on a carpeted staircase.
Two workers in orange vests walk by delivery truck and hazard cones.
The pretty little girl with the red brush is combing her hair.
A young girl standing alone in a hallway.
A group of men surround a woman in a headscarf.
Many individuals with coverings on their heads crowded together.
Five people standing on a stage, getting ready to perform, who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting.
Little boy carrying a little girl on his back.
The black dog is pulling on something purple with its mouth.
Men standing at a construction site.
A group of men in white hard hats inside an industrial building with one shooting a picture.
Grandfather, Father and two sons are putting together a puzzle.
A lady standing near the counter of a bakery smiling at the camera.
Two dogs run in a field.
A woman carrying a purse walks by a shop.
A contestant in horseback sword fighting- the crowd looks on.
A couple sit on a park bench with purple balloons tied to it.
Three girls with head wraps carrying objects while standing on unpaved surface.
A crowd is standing in front of a building while holding newspapers and holding flags.
A man shaving with a straight razor.
A chunk of meat is presented out the window of a shop while a young man goes toward it.
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.
Two softball players trying to catch a ball
Little boy laying in a pile of leaves next to a skateboard.
Young boy wearing an Elmo t-shirt kneeling at a table with his meal.
A homeless man is walking down the sidewalk alone.
A dirt biker is taking a large jump wearing a yellow suit.
A man walking a large black horse.
A man in plaid yellow carrying two tin buckets.
Older man leads the band as they play.
A group of young children in wheelchairs pull each other through a small village as they are photographed.
Two young soccer players race to the goal.
A lady with curly brown hair stands in a crowd with a camera.
A girl wearfing pink swings over a creek.
In an empty, dimmed bowling alley, a woman prepares to release a red bowling ball towards a group of five pins.
Five men hauling in a fishing net on the beach.
A man is standing amidst a crowd of people while smoking a cigarette.
A man rides a dirt bike over a hill.
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A woman is holding a baby in her arm while pointing.
Two girls play in the shower with their clothes on.
Pedestrians and a bicyclist leisurely move past a modern building.
A woman in a blue top is working at a factory.
Two black dogs race for a ball on the shore.
A family walks through a gravel field under high built wooden structures.
Two men stand in front of a large green truck.
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
A woman is presenting various documents using multimedia equipment.
A woman in a brown shirt is speaking to someone.
Several men loading a metal cannon
A woman wearing a red and white dress holds hands with man in a blue jacket wearing flowers on his lapel.
A man is using his computer in a kitchen.
The police officers in bright yellow jackets watch the crowd.
A little baby climbing up the ladder after someone.
Two women looking at a food vendor, considering if they want to buy something.
A trumpet player is playing music with his partner.
A group of bikers wearing helmets standing near a van.
Three young black men lean againest a white jeep.
A woman in a brown top with glasses is standing in front of a chart.
The child is playing in the rock.
A woman wearing a red hat and face paint smiles at another woman.
The lady is wearing a bandanna around her face to protect her from dust.
A Asian women rides a bike while wearing a respirator mask.
The boy does a jumps his bike into the air.
A male bicyclist trying to get something from his backpack on a busy street.
A man walks on a fancy sidewalk next to an abandoned bar.
A man in a safety vest riding a bicycle on the highway.
A group of skaters are at a skate park.
The two dogs are standing with their heads entwined around each other.
A man is firing a handgun at a shooting range.
A woman is climbing up a steep mountain over water.
The skier is going down a large mountain.
A child in a blue jacket is looking to his left as bike rides down the street.
A child in a Mickey Mouse shirt has their arms up and appears to be jumping.
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
Boys and girls wearing navy blue shirts smile for the camera.
A group of about 11 people of all ages with binoculars in the woods
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence.
A child in a gray coat kicking a soccer ball.
Two women are sitting on a park bench talking to each other.
An elderly man uses his walking stick to poke into a hole in the ground.
A man is leaning on a racing motorcycle.
An asian themed restaurant with a large mounted fish.
Rollerblader in red shirt is skating on a handrail.
A woman in a white shirt and jeans holding two rakes as she walks down the street.
A man in a blue cap is working with a bow.
A woman wearing a T-shirt and shorts walks passing by a red Sedan
Seven people jump into the water.
A young girl plays peek-a-boo, covering the eyes of the man on whose shoulders she sits.
Two motorcyclists are racing around a circular track.
A group of rollerblading on a sloping road.
A black dog playing with a purple toy.
A group of kids, sitting on the floor, in an art museum listening to an older lady.
Three people staying out of the sun
An overcrowded bus traveling down the street with people hanging off the back of it.
A football player is tackling the player with the football as the crowd watches.
A couple sits on a slanting tree trunk and poses for the camera.
A surfer rides a wave as it crashes on the beach.
A man walks down a street by a man who selling items out of a booth.
People standing around a city square with bikes.
A female is helping a child drive a bumper car.
Four persons are using the musical instruments.
Two oxen running through the lake leave man behind them covered in mud.
A boy riding a bicycle while a man holds onto the bike.
A rugby match in progress is shown with the referee watching.
A group of people wearing numbers in the street.
A boy grinds down the handrail of a stairway with his skateboard.
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
A large group of people are walking on a sidewalk.
A man is walking past a Latin American produce shop.
A woman with a black shirt is looking at a carnival ride.
A yellow-shirted runner runs with a number pinned to their shirt.
Many runners are running on the street in a race.
Two young women with a large piece of paper.
A group of people walk on grass near a lake with dogs playing around them.
A group of people are posing with their dogs.
A man wearing a white and red hat playing golf and is going to attempt to hit the ball.
Two street musicians play guitars in Asia.
Asian male dressed in white, wearing straw hat and gloves, gesturing to people in crowd.
The woman is posing in high heels on a rusty ladder.
A group of men stand in a gymnasium with a basketball.
A man jumps inside a darkened gymnasium.
Man in sleeveless shirt and shorts standing in the middle of the floor.
Several men around an indoor basketball hoop.
A lot of asian women walking outside in light blue shirts.
A woman writing while standing by men.
A complex building is in the background with people standing around and some riding bikes.
The surfer is riding a wave with a mountain in the background.
A child is jumping on an inflatable bouncer.
A young boy reads a paperback book outside.
Man in white shirt and tan shorts doing a trick on a skateboard.
Two men and a child working outside on different equipment.
The little boy is having a grand time at the water park.
A couple is riding a bicycle built for two.
An Asian man navigates a boat carrying 2 passengers down what appears to be a river deep in the forest.
A brown labradoodle retrieves a tennis ball in a lake
A man standing looking sad with cleaner and a tool next to him.
A woman in purple leggings runs across a street.
A man sits on the grass trying to get a hole of a fish.
A football coach and football players practicing.
A young man is lining up on the scrimmage line in football practice.
A man standing on one foot with a little girl in front of a cathedral.
A group of girls including one in a blue shirt with her back towards the camera are laughing.
A group of people lay in the shade.
A man in a wetsuit on a surfboard.
A group of people are walking close to some trees.
Two people are moving the hose as others work in the garden.
Two dogs playing ball together outside.
Three men in a bright orange boat race across the water as foam sprays in the air.
The young man kicks a soccer ball on dusty ground.
Two healthcare professionals attend to a patient and consider his or her chart.
Two woman are playing tennis.
Three people and a dog stand in front of a river on a cold day.
A boy sitting on the floor looking up at a woman in a green chair.
A male surfer in the air, leaving the water.
A man is riding a red racing motorcycle.
A man and a woman stand knee deep in the rough waves next to a red-orange boat.
A young girl holding a doll is smiling.
Time lapse photo of two children playing in a pool of water.
Boy in yellow shirt getting picture taken surrounded by pigeons
Two smaller dogs chase a larger dog around a pond.
A man is using a grinder on a locker's lock
Three women and two men in swimsuits, sunbathing on lawn chairs covered by towels.
A man is eating outside with a group of people.
A man holds a trophy on the stage.
A woman pruning an ornamental bush in her front yard.
Two men sit in rounded green chairs on bright blue carpet.
Finally he got one bar on his wifi connection.
She is painting a yellow flower on white paper practicing to become an artist
Girl with black paint under her eyes walking, girl in foreground of photo.
A figure of an oriental man sits on a wall in front of some white apartment buildings.
A man is on a small pull along trailer working with landscaping material.
A brown and white dog in front of a shed overwhelmed by the onslaught of tennis balls.
An older man is kicking an object.
Four men are playing on a stone paved area.
Two dogs on the beach, running into the water
Two race cars speed along a track with smoke coming from the backs of them.
Some african kids playing with a ball.
A child in yellow and black kicks a blue and black ball.
A young women with a pink mask over her face.
An umpire watches closely as a left-handed pitcher throws a pitch from the mound.
A pitcher wearing the number eight is going through the pitching motion.
A man, holding a baby and smiling, sitting in the pews of a church.
A band consisting of a female bassist, a male face-painted guitarist, and an average-looking vocalist rock out on stage.
A group of workers are in a field planting wheat for the year.
A little kid holding a yellow and red soccer toy.
Young blond-haired, blue-eyed boy plays on a rope course at a playground.
A man drinks orange juice and walks outside.
Four people in a vegetation field, background appears to be in India.
Man in striped shirt with gloves on welding machinery.
A young lady is making a purchase from a man with a push cart.
A dolphin pokes above the water.
A lone bicyclist jumping on his bike in front of a graffitied wall.
Older woman with cleavage puts on mascara seductively in the mirror.
A dark brown dog jumps behind a young girl in shorts.
People are watching a race car speed thorugh the dirt.
A toddler child peaks his head up from behind a large brown package.
A woman in green skates through a street fair.
Two adult couples are placing their bets on a casino table.
A brown dog on the grass next to a pond.
A man in a leather coat looking into the restaurant watching 2 girls.
A man and a boy are playing in the sand.
A tan dog and a black dog fighting inside a fenced yard.
A blue Subaru rally car turning a corner with spectators.
Three children are sitting at the top of a flight of steps.
A snowboarder doing a one-handed armstand.
A restaurant worker wearing an orange shirt putting ketchup and mustard on sandwich bread.
Three men wearing plaid shirts are cutting wood.
A rugby player in black is pushing his way through a player in red whilst carrying the ball.
Two black dogs playing in the grass.
A leashed dog is in the backyard of someone's home.
A man looking out the back of his car looking at a yellow van behind
A woman eating with chopsticks sits in front of butchered raw meat.
A girl steps off the mound after throwing the first pitch out at a baseball game.
A woman and two young men, standing close to one another.
Three people play baseball on a field at a park.
The first baseman diving to catch a throw, while the runner touches first base in a softball game
A girl playing softball takes a strike.
A young girl is playing in a fountain of water.
Two men during a football game
A small dog with a toy in its mouth is jumping over a pole.
Two small children wearing long sleeves are standing in the grass.
A naked child is crawling on the beach in front of a horse and a man.
A woman jumping over a hurdle during a race.
Players in red uniforms on the bench during a hockey game.
A dog lays on his back with a favorite tennis ball in his mouth.
An asian man with a black hat is holding a small asian girl in her arms.
Some people are dressed in classical European attire, while holding books and a drum.
A person in a white helmet is standing next to a ladder.
Two dogs run across the barren ground.
Four girls are dancing in matching outfits at a street festival.
People hold cardboard frames in front of their faces.
A small girl in blue shirt walking alone in a yellow parking lot.
A young girl blowing on a dandelion puff.
Two men are jumping off of a picnic table, with a rock wall and forest in the background.
A group of children are holding a rope.
A boy is riding a scooter down the concrete path.
A man looking to the left walking down the street.
A man is near water in a city and is dressed in a wetsuit, snorkel mask, and helmet.
A surfer catches a good sized wave.
A clown with colorful pants sitting on a bench of a old building.
Two motorcyclist racing around a track
A man walks on a meandering street with a rainbow in the sky.
A black pitbull dog is running through the dirt.
Two soldiers are going into a tent with men and women watching them.
A group of refugees and sitting next to their tents.
An older woman walks by a wall with the help of a cane.
A man navigating a watercraft under partly cloudy skies.
A girl in a pink outfit looks through luggage in a tent city.
A rodeo rider is riding a bucking horse in an arena.
A man pulling two kids on a sled on a snow covered road.
Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling.
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
An older man is sitting at his desk, which is in front of a shop, reading cards.
A woman with sunglasses on her head and standing in front of an art display.
A woman is playing a music game in an arcade.
A dancer on a stage is performing a move that involves her fellow dancers standing behind her and sticking out their arms so that it looks like she has multiple arms.
A man chases an opposing player in a Rugby match.
The boy is wearing blue sunglasses and jumping by a yellow rail.
Two dogs race on a track.
This wedding photo shows the wedding party, in purple and white, gathered outside.
Woman in black working at a fish market.
Two girls are dancing and one has paper in her hand.
Two young boys wrestling while an adult male looks on.
Two men are fly-fishing in a low murky pond.
A female jumps with arms and legs spread near a dwelling.
A young woman reading an issue of people magazine.
A Chinese restaurant employee giving a food workshop.
The black and brown dog is rolling in the grass.
The little girl wearing pink is having fun bungee jumping.
A skateboarder catches big air at the skate park.
Several people sitting, relaxing in the snow.
A vendor, wearing a large-brimmed tan hat, is sitting on a stool next to his wares.
A group of people rest on a rail in a shopping center.
A group of kids are playing on a tire swing.
A bicyclist is performing a trick on a tall tree.
A boy wearing a red shirt on a skateboard jumps up some stairs
The big black dog is behind the little black dog.
Soccer players all gathered on a field for a game.
A band is performing on stage.
Three small children and a woman are paddling down a river surrounded by thick vegetation.
People in homemade clothing sit at desks.
A man and woman are in the kitchen and a package of Challenge butter is in the foreground.
A man in a brown shirt, had and shoulder bag standing with two coolers.
A girl stands on the grass holding a rolling box wearing a white lawn hat and sunglasses.
A man painting a city scene.
A man with glasses hs food in his hands.
A little girl in a hat climbing a kiddie wall.
A child dressed in a blue shirt and cap is carrying a soccer ball.
Three men stand in a glass area.
Workers in vests and hard hats work on the street in a busy city.
A woman in a gray shirt is stretching in an outdoor park area.
A man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd.
A group of people stand and wait to see something.
A man in a yellow outfit racing his bike in the wilderness.
A man mountain biking with a blue helmet
A man rides his bicycle through some grass in a wooded area.
A snowboarder does a trick on a half pipe.
Many people are gathered and the group in the foreground is conversing with drinks and their coolers nearby.
An man with a green shirt and white shorts is playing volleyball.
A man with an unusual hairstyle in a t-shirt carries two plates of food.
A girl wearing a headband is carrying a pink sign on the street.
A man and woman are talking at an outdoor flea market where art is on display.
A black and brown dog eyeing a fly.
A man wearing a shirt and tie, looks perplexed as he navigates through a crowd.
A man on a mountain bike outdoors.
A man in sunglasses and a baseball cap jumps for a yellow-striped volleyball.
A woman carries a volleyball.
A woman wearing a white t-shirt and black shorts is about to hit a volleyball.
The man in shorts is serving the tennis ball.
A tennis player in a white shirt is hitting the ball.
A woman in a light colored dress is singing to an audience.
A group of people are standing around dj equipment including a record player and a sound machine.
Two men sit behind a shiny black counter wearing matching black suits and purple shirts.
An Asian woman holds up her hands and the girl next to her watches.
A man and a woman are jogging down the sidewalk.
A woman carrying an orange bag is walking down the street with her white dog.
The field hockey player takes a digger in a match.
A bunch of guys in black play paintball.
Workers at Basking Robbins are very busy.
Seven girls pose a group picture, with three girls wearing ties, and five girls wearing dresses
A woman sitting on a bench reading a book.
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
A brown dog carries a long stick on the green grass.
A person in yellow is riding a dirt bike on a dirt path.
A church assembly is listening to a choir perform.
A small girl wearing a yellow dress rocking in a tiny white chair.
A dog running on a beach.
A toddler in a white and yellow outfit is reaching for a yellow paper Japanese lantern on a wooden fence.
Here are young boys skating boarding in a service drive.
Three baseball players in motion; one sliding into a base, another running in the background.
A girl in green is jumping on concrete.
Two males are wrestling on a blue mat.
A woman and several men wear face masks on a subway.
This family needs a rest after their long walk so they stop at the park to feed the pigeons.
A man is standing next to a yellow vehicle.
A group of people in blue clothing relax on yellow machinery.
A black and white dog running from under a yellow cover with a person behind them.
A little girl in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush.
A little girl is playing near a hay bale.
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.
People sit around a table laid out with food.
The girl dressed in pink and white, and wearing a knit cap, is reaching toward a flowering tree.
Two dogs race across a field on a sunny day.
A man is standing on the passenger side of a black car.
People stop to take in the scenery of the bridge.
A man in a shirt sitting on playground equipment.
Little girl with knit cap, smelling flowers.
A male doing a trick in the air on his bike.
A man stabs a bull in a bullfight.
A man in a red shirt, with two women and another man standing in some sort of marketplace.
A boy wearing headphones poses in kitchen display
This is a little girl, standing in front of a sliding board, blowing bubbles.
A bow does a trick on his skateboard at a skate park.
A crowd of people is facing the same direction while some hold their hands in the air.
A blond woman at the beach jumping around as she is enjoying her youth and freedom.
A man wearing blue jean, white shirt drawing up a line out of the water.
Two men with tan hats working in a garden.
A group of performers sing and work to entertain the audience.
A man in a brown jacket stands on a bus.
Two adults stand up on a bus and watch out the front window.
A race car with a cloud of dust behind it
A new bride dressed in white throws a bouquet to waiting females behind her.
The rugby players play on a field.
Children looking through magazines they have folded into tubes
A brown dog is gallopsing through the grass.
A group of boys sits near the sidewalk and two are smiling while one makes a face.
Man jumping out of a helicopter into the ocean.
A crowd is watching a group of fire dancers perform.
Three men sit on floor in green room.
A muzzled dog in a race, with four dogs following.
A woman is sitting on a rock at the edge of some water.
A man is having his teeth inspected by a dentist.
This person is cleaning the building using a green bucket.
A brown dog running on the beach near the ocean.
A woman is being photographed as she stands next to an artistic monument.
There are 2 men dressed in stripes sitting under a green umbrella.
A woman walks a baby stroller on a quaint trail.
A child in purple clothing is playing with a toy inside a yard with other toys and a fence.
Two children in a raft on a water slide.
A man in shorts walks a big brown dog and a woman pushing a baby carriage walks right behind him.
A teacher helping a student at a computer station.
A crouching white man in a yellow shirt looks down from on top of a wooden structure.
A man and women sitting at a restaurant or bar.
A woman in an orange shirt is looking up at a man standing on a balcony.
The people have paint on them.
Racing car marked TEAM PENSKE on track, banners and spectators in background.
A man jumps over a brown chair while skateboarding.
A young blond-haired girl gets her haircut by someone in a yellow blouse holding a white comb.
A dog is running during a competition.
A man in a black vest and white button-up sits with a woman in a striped sweatshirt.
A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan.
Men in camouflage pants racing across a parking lot.
Man with poultry on a table.
A boy is looking through the flap of a red and white tent.
A woman holds a child dressed in blue.
A man on a harness in the middle of climbing through a cave.
Several multicolored dogs running through the grass.
A crowd is gathering in a town square.
A young boy is yawing as a woman talks to him.
A girl with a white backpack is standing and smaller children are sitting in a row on the ground.
Three friends hanging out mid jump on a beach.
Three dogs run along a grassy yard.
A cyclist in a yellow helmet is biking through the woods in fall.
A man with glasses and a gray shirt is on a crowded street.
A group of people posing in a concert area.
There is a young man in the middle of a complicated dance, and his friends are cheering him on.
A woman watches a girl play in an urban fountain.
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek.
A young man in a park preparing to catch a Frisbee.
Two girls who are playing dress-up hamming it up for the camera.
A long-distance shot of a beach with people and animals.
A boy has done a back flip into a swimming pool while another boy watches.
A boy in blue clothing is riding a bicycle.
A woman is jogging while listening to her iPod.
A bicyclist is jumping on ramp covered with graffiti.
A climber is climbing under an overhang high above the ground.
A girl floating in the ocean on a beautiful day.
Three children are playing on a swing in the garden.
A man is rock climbing without gear.
A woman swimmer in a pool gets splashed by her teammate swimming past.
Three older people stand in front of an avrovulcan.com sign.
A boy is kneeling under a statue of bear that has a painting of a man on its back.
The motocross rider wearing blue and black pants.
A woman in a burgundy coat exits Trader Joe's with a cart full of groceries.
A town of village shoppers and onlookers enjoy the beautiful day.
A man carries a baby on his shoulder in the rain in a big asian city.
Two men work together on a construction project.
A couple of people are riding ATV's on a dirt track.
A line of spectators at a race.
Asian baby wearing a sweater and sitting in a highchair playing with a SpongeBob toy.
A barefooted kid does a trick on his skateboard.
A young man sits on a cliff, watching the ocean.
A young boy falling into a body of water.
A young girl in her school uniform dances in a water sculpture in the middle of a crowded public square.
Man bowling in a dimly lit bowling alley.
A young girl is flying a kite in a field beside a lot of buildings.
A guy skiing down the snowy slope.
The young girl is swinging on a swing, and her hair is flying out behind her.
A young boy is sitting in a green tunnel
A man in a black hat holds a small girl on his shoulders.
A bearded collie jumps over bars at an agility test course.
A woman holding a microphone speaks to a man wearing a white shirt.
A motocross racer in green and a helmet racing in the dirt.
Brown and white dog is trotting across dirt with trees in the background.
A skateboarder in midair while doing a jump.
A child sleeping on the concrete on some sort of blanket covered with coats.
A barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym.
A person riding a four wheel ATV over a jump.
A young boy is sitting on the floor putting on his sneaker.
A woman is waving to the crowd as she rides a roller coaster.
A dog jumps over a red and white gate.
Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field.
Dog running away from woman on the seashore.
A man with a gray hat painting a scene of people in the park.
A man and a dog play with a yellow ball.
A choir in red uniforms singing in front of a business.
A woman in black and white is on a bicycle.
Two girls play on a set of parallel bars.
A young girl holding a stuffed pig smiles.
People are walking by a bright carousel; some people are sitting.
A young child in a green shirt is on a carousel.
A black dog wearing a collar running across the beach.
A person in a red jacket riding a mountain bike.
A large, white bird skates across the top of some water.
Two skinny white dogs with two standing men in baseball caps
A small child in red throws a disc.
A young man in a brown jacket pushes a rolling food cart.
A construction worker is taking a break while leaning on a yellow bar.
A guy underwater in blue swimming shorts playing dead.
Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.
A man is cutting something above a sink.
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.
Young adults sitting on the stairs talking.
A man wearing no shirt skateboarding on the street
The man is skateboarding over a log in the snow.
Two people, dressed in long robes, are shown in a small rowboat in the water.
Two small children happily playing on a tire swing.
A man does a bike trick on a dirt path.
Man snowboarding down a mountain.
A black dog is running through a snow covered area while holding something green in his mouth.
A young girl with a green t-shirt and blond-hair.
A boy helps to push a young girl on the swing.
Bike racer number 661 wrecks on dirt racetrack.
A dark dog is competing in a dog show competition.
A man wearing a backpack and helmet riding a bicycle.
Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track at night.
A man mowing a lawn at a commercial property.
A man in jeans &amp; a cowboy hat holds up a sign.
A pregnant protester holding up a pro-America sign.
A group of people have a candlelight vigil in honor of saving trees.
Two men sit on a chairlift.
A girl in a pink skirt runs holding a her sister.
An elderly man is standing on the edge of a train platform.
A boy in a blue shirt hammers at the ground.
People walking along the beach on a sunny day.
The girl has pink pants and a polka dot jacket on.
Six African children sitting at two tables.
People eating at a long table full of food and drink.
Boys at a party drawing on their friend's back with a black marker.
A child smiles happily as he holds onto a metal bar.
Three people sit on a bench under palm trees.
A boy in orange shirt and blue jeans is jumping on the slide while others watches him
A man is painting beside a building.
A person in gray snowboarding down a hill.
A man looking through a pair of binoculars.
A little girl in a red dress and cape holds a large tennis racquet.
Group of young adults with buckets and soaking wet on street.
Two men are inside cooking over a fire.
Skateboarder in jeans and t-shirt performing jump.
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
A woman in a white apron balances a basket on her head.
Two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach.
A older woman cleaning the window of a door.
A group of people stand on a stage and hold colorful buckets.
People are walking in the street near a giant bull statue.
Two people are riding a ski lift with mountains behind them.
A man sleeping on the grass under a green blanket.
A woman cuts the dreadlocks off of a young man with black hair.
Seven soccer players in a green field wearing red jerseys.
A girl in a pink snowsuit splashes into dirty flood water next to a picnic table.
Man making kissing face for the camera, while another man looks on.
An elderly woman is reading a paper in an office.
Young Asian girl is sitting on the ground in rubble.
A man leans sideways on a soap box racer in the middle of a jump.
A food vendor happily serves his hungry customers.
A man works a small ice cream stand that says "Sorvette e Gelados" on the side.
A man in white playing an instrument outside.
A person sits with their back against a white wall with a tan dog.
A dog leaps over a fence.
Old man in a hat cuts wood with a saw while outside.
An older gentleman and an elderly lady are talking to two younger ladies in uniform on an urban street.
A black-blue insect flying over a white flower.
Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture.
Four musicians sit in a semi-circle on a stage and play their stringed instruments.
A man on a rocky peak.
A person skis in the snow, snow flies behind.
Two people are fencing.
An Asian woman in a red patched shirt carrying two watermelons down a sidewalk.
Two boys watch a seal in an aquarium.
A guy with glasses and a beard in a suit is surrounded by photographers.
A child slides down a green slide.
A woman sits on a blue bench in front of a cobblestone wall between two trees.
A man playing the violin while he reads his musical notes.
Two dogs, one lying down, play in a yard.
Little boy enjoying a day at the park
A young couple sits on a couch and smiles for the camera.
A hiker with a backpack wades in a river.
There is a older child riding a red rubber ball tied onto a blue rope and is swing from it.
An elderly man is buying food at an Asian market.
An Asian woman is looking at a black jacket.
Guitarist strums while on stage under a spotlight
A race car driver stands up with his hand pointing in the air.
Two men with heads down signing a paper.
A brown dog leaps over a red ramp at an agility park.
Bicyclists stay in a line as each wear different color suits.
Woman in blue outfit and boots stands behind muddy Toyota truck with backpack near bushes.
A group of people standing outside of a building.
A person riding a skateboard jumps high above the concrete steps.
Two black dogs play in snow.
Food is being served to a table where a woman in a blue blazer sits.
During a baseball game a Dodgers player is declared safe.
The child is carrying a basket of colored eggs and bending over with an egg in his hand.
A small dog runs with a brown ball in its mouth.
An old person is sitting in a plush chair with a huge white dog laying on top of him or her.
Middle eastern cooks in white uniforms prepare food.
A young woman in a gray shirt sweeps her doorway with a broom.
A black dog running towards the camera.
A brown dog jumping in the air
A child in purple pants is running.
A basketball player is jumping and about to dunk a ball in front of a crowd.
A child holding a gold rabbit stares at a P-shaped cookie.
Four men do a dance on stage together.
A white furry dog is running through leaves.
A brown dog wearing a pink shirt is followed by a brown dog wearing a yellow shirt.
Two African women preparing a meal.
A family is enjoying a meal together, while their 4 dogs are all enjoying a nap on the floor circling around the table.
Several people waiting for their turn to order food.
A man in a black t-shirt is jumping something on his orange bike.
Three men climbing on each other wearing yellow and brown shirts.
Two people in red and white uniforms on matching striped motorcycles stop in a plaza beside a tall wall of concrete steps.
Two women riding in a motorcycle they are both wearing helmets
Two horses are attached to a carriage with a dog and man inside, and a woman standing next to it.
Two hockey players trying to get the puck.
A large truck parked near a garage that says perfumes on the front.
Two bearded men stand behind a case filled with cigars.
A white dog is pouncing on a brown dog in a fenced in backyard.
A child in a red jacket holding up two fingers.
Two women with dark hair are standing together outside of a bus.
Two bmx riders racing on a track
A girl is playing a red flute while another girl holds a pink guitar.
A man asleep in a chair in front of a full bookshelf
Three dogs racing on a grass track wearing different colored jerseys.
A dog catches a colored ball while standing in the grass.
A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet.
A woman playing softball has caught a ball and is falling down.
A dog trying to bite a man who is training him
The gray dog sits quietly, dressed in a blue track jacket.
A large cruise ship passes by a beach where sunbathers recline under yellow umbrellas.
A man dressed in white plays a guitar.
Artists in white reach towards the audience.
A man holding a guitar and speaking into a microphone.
A shaggy dog runs down a dirt trail in a lush forest.
This person is sitting on a teal bench reading a newspaper.
A group of six people sit around a silver conference table with notebooks and pens.
A man jumping of the wall of a large graffitied wall.
A man in a hat holding a tool stands next to a horse hitched to a sled filled with hay in a hilly area.
Three men wearing red prevention vests stand ready.
One man sitting alone reading a paper in a factory room.
A man is standing and discussing with his colleagues
A construction worker installing a window in a building with a turquoise door.
Dog running in a field.
Four Korean men are sitting on a bench and one of them is taking on his cellphone.
A group of men walk along a road divided with yellow ropes.
A girl with a white shirt and black belt is dancing wildly with two female friends.
A Jewish family having a meeting.
Two ladies are sitting in the restaurant talking and laughing.
A woman applies makeup to a man's face on the set.
A group of people with a fire engine in the background.
A small group of people sitting together outside.
A skateboarder is riding a skateboard along a metal railing in front of a concrete building.
A dog lies on his back on a road.
Group of people pick up something that is on fire.
A man and a woman sitting on the shore looking at the scenery
A black great Dane running toward the camera in a backyard
Several mischievous kids play with toy guns in a public area.
A race car on a track has flames shooting from the rear.
A man standing in front of a counter looking a prepared food.
A repairman hangs above a wide screen tv suspended just below the ceiling in a cathedral or museum.
A man and two women on one motorcycle.
Person with a blue and black suit is surfing.
Two people are walking onto a stepping stone path.
Young people, both girls and boys jumping high into the air on the street they are going down.
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
Two little girls on a trampoline and a playhouse is behind them.
A cowboy on a horse ropes a steer.
Two cowboys rope a steer from horseback in an indoor corral.
A brown dog standing in water.
Two dogs run two a pond on a winter day.
A man with a helmet is going snowmobiling.
One woman sitting on a sidewalk with others to the side and behind her.
A man sitting on a porch selling red goods.
A man in a green sweater is attempting to cut something in a kitchen.
A man climbing the icicles on a rock face.
A man in a blue shirt is building a boat out of wood in a cramped work space.
Man puts his feet up on a desk.
A small boy is jumping off of a brick wall onto a table below.
A brown and black dog runs over the green grass.
A child in a red and gray coat in front of a wooden shed.
A man is doing a stunt outside on his bike
An Asian woman is at a market stall that is selling bananas.
People standing and walking in a flea market.
Two musicians, a woman in black playing the piano, and a man in a black suit playing the flute.
The person is jumping through the air on skis.
A climber with a blue hat is scaling an icy rock cliff.
The tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line.
A man is using a tool on these long pieces of wood.
The boat-man is working on an uncompleted boat.
A man climbs up a rock while others wait for their turns.
Two young bespectacled young women, one of which is blow drying her hair.
A male tennis player standing on a tennis court swings his tennis racket at the tennis ball.
A boy holds a fishing net.
A boy performing a wall trick with his bicycle on a wall covered with graffiti.
The old man is wearing glasses, a scarf, and a hat.
Two people looking at a light exhibit of some sort.
Two adults talk while a cloud of smoke fills the background.
A girl wearing an hat and holding an iPod sits on the side of a building.
A girl in pink polka dots looks at a horse.
A grown man and a topless girl are dancing.
Children play in front of a large door.
A woman hugs a man at an evening event.
A group of people riding on the bed of a truck along a gravel road.
Several young boys playing soccer in front of a huge brown wooden door
A father launches his daughter in an Oceanside pool.
Several men in biohazard suits carrying a human looking doll on a rolling bed
Five people overlook the beautiful town.
A couple of men playing street ball.
The photo is taken of two people walking between cars in a street.
A small boy wearing a red helmet rides his bicycle down a patterned path.
People shop around an outdoor system of stores.
A person holding a tennis racket hits a yellow tennis ball.
A man in a blue headband playing tennis.
The tennis player gets ready to hit the ball that is almost at him.
A boy is brake dancing as a crowd watches.
The students sitting on the grass are eating a lunch from a red backpack.
A horse race on a grass track
Many people are sitting in a park watching a chess game.
A boy in a Mets jersey poses on his bike.
A tennis player is running on the court with his racquet in his hand.
A boy hits a tennis ball on a court.
A man with the tennis racket is wearing a blue headband and blue wristbands and playing tennis.
A tennis player moving for a shot.
Two dogs grasp a red object at once.
A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff.
A person with red-hair and a black shirt is standing outside, talking and gesturing with hands.
A woman is talking to a little girl playing a game.
Two officers ride their horses down a street bordering a green and yellow park.
A man in a suit leaps toward his bride.
Parade of cheerleaders wearing black, pink and white uniforms.
A child playing with some yarn.
A brown dog wearing an orange collar leaping to catch a bright colored ball.
An indian family riding on a motorbike on the street.
Four women stop along a walkway to look at an area beyond the fence.
Woman playing tennis in a bright orange outfit.
Some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk.
A child running through a field of yellow flowers.
Man in brown and red checkered button up shirt and blue jeans makes a male and female laugh.
Guy and girl looking at each other playfully as they sit on chairs.
Two runners wearing racing bibs climbing over a tree lying across the trail.
Serena Williams hitting a ball in an orange outfit
A beaver on the shore of a stream.
An individual is skiing down a mountain slope.
A light brown dog jumps over a hurdle indoors.
Two blue inflatable rafts are involved in a collision on white water.
A child displays two toys while sitting in a VW bus.
A man kissing a boy in the back of a van.
The boy is standing on the playground equipment in the blue triangle.
A teen boy doing a bicycle trick on a bike ramp
A man in a blue shirt lifts up his tennis racket and smiles.
A large group of people watching a person climbing a pole.
A man in black is applauding a runner wearing a red jersey and the number 281.
Kayak rider raises arms as he's splashed with water.
A teenager in striped shorts is leaping into the air on the beach.
Two small girls playing in a multicolored ball pen.
People in the kitchen at a party with food and drink.
Men sit outside under a tree in full bloom.
A man in a hat and jacket standing on the sidewalk with a pile of trash in front of him.
A couple stadning with their children getting baptized by a priest.
Two men and a woman downing shots at a bar.
Man giving lecture to interested people in front of a clue statue.
A man in a red kayak pedalling through a wave
A man is swinging his club in a game of golf.
A man wearing a white hat swings his arm back to throw.
Tennis player getting ready to play tennis.
A tennis player gets ready to return the ball.
A dark brown dog standing on construction equipment.
A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain.
A black dog running in grass.
Golfer in a white cap putting into a hole while surrounded by onlookers and other golfers.
A bride having a photo shoot outdoors around lots of people.
A man is sitting on a bench in front of an abandoned building.
A bunch of people watching a child in the bathtub.
Two small children stand next to a window display.
Two females with eyeglasses walking in the street arm in arm.
A young man in black and white striped shirt rests on the grass while traffic passes nearby on the road.
A man in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snowy forest.
A man in a light blue shirt with a yellow and black scarf is making a clay plate.
A man in a blue shirt is spinning a clay bowl.
Four people, two in green uniforms and two in red uniforms, are playing a game of lacrosse.
A man with a blue bag is exiting a city bus.
Three children in a village stand under an awning
Skateboarder in green shirt doing tricks in air.
A girl in a hoodie takes a nap with her black dog.
A grown man wears an outfit made of a Spider-Man bedspread.
A woman and a young girl are sitting down and smiling.
A group of young boys are playing lacrosse outside.
A lacrosse player is looking at an object in the sky that is not the ball.
The man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling.
A boy works on a project in shop class.
A lady in a plaid dress strokes her white dog's face.
A young dalmatian wears a hat next to a tree.
Children and adults in bright colored clothes are dancing.
A man and boy is looking for something on the ground.
Multiple musicians playing at a formal social gathering along with two dancers performing.
A dog is running in the snow carrying a red Frisbee.
Two men in sunglasses sit at a table drinking beer.
This man, wearing a blue headband and white shirt, is playing tennis.
A man shows off his exibit to many people.
An equestrian rider is on a horse jumping over a plane that is on the ground.
A parade of bagpipers walk through a city street.
A dog runs with another dog in the background holding a ball in its mouth.
A woman on a bike stops to talk to a gentlemen sitting on a chair on the sidewalk.
Children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like openings.
A man riding a bucking bull at a rodeo.
Two dogs are playing and rolling around with each other in the grass.
A young child sitting in a mess of paint.
A young woman in a black tank-top looking and running away from something behind her.
Old man teaching little kid to drive.
Two girls are jumping up high in front of the pine trees.
A young boy trying to play hacky sack.
A girl in a dress walks while a family stands in the background.
A man in a brown vest and glasses plays with a brown dog.
Guys wearing yellow, red, and blue are running in the grass.
Dirt bike rider getting ready to start down the slope.
A boy is reading a comic book in front of a red chair and a grill.
Two female gymnast working up before their turn is up.
A snowboarder flips upside down with a snow covered hill in the background.
Three people stand on a path through the woods.
A dog stands up to his elbows in snow.
Fisherman wearing a poncho and hat sitting at the edge of the water.
Subway workers use ladders to check out a possible problem as a red subway car flies by.
A girl performing a rhythmic gymnastics routine.
A man is riding a board in the ocean and is being pulled from above.
The people in the red parasail are gliding over the water.
A child sits on a curb with inline skates and protective gear.
Man in multicolor trunks riding a surfboard on a wave.
An Asian female tennis player preps for return of volley on a greet and purple court.
A man kayaking down rapids.
A teenage boy does tricks on his skateboard in an area with much graffiti.
A pelican diving towards the water with feet out.
A little blond girl is wrapped up in a Care Bears blanket with Christmas paper behind her.
A smiling man with a headphones and a gray mustache
A white dog tries to catch a tennis ball high in the air.
A girl wearing a purple shirt and tan shorts is posed in a dance move.
Several children in outfits are in a dark room, and two of them are holding onto ropes in the air.
A dog jumps out of a creek.
A biker speeds down a dirt path in the woods.
A man with a red Spain shirt and a woman with purple streaks in her hair.
A group of children are talking to an official.
A group of people walking across a street
A child is performing with a toy while on stage with a colorful balloon backdrop.
A guy is driving a three wheeled motorcycle.
A man in a green shirt is lying on the grass with a bandanna over his eyes, next to a black bird.
A carnival midway at night.
A bunch of dogs are competing in a race.
A barefooted guy in an orange shirt and black pants jumping on a trampoline in a cage.
A lady wearing a butcher's apron is singing on a stage while her band plays behind her
A black limo is parked next to a crowded staircase.
A man in the middle of the section for women's lifestyle magazines reads a magazine that declares "I 'm Pregnant!"
Someone is looking at the beautiful view of the city.
A row of birds is sitting in front of a gray cloud.
A dancing troupe of African American youngsters doing a choreographed move.
A dog with a stick in his mouth runs in a forest.
Two women are sitting at a table with empty glasses in front of them.
A black and a brown dog are walking through the woods.
A small child chasing a pidgin.
A guy making a snowboarding move on a slope.
A couple is kissing on a bridge.
Two young women talking at a table in a cafe.
A dog jumps through water.
A black and white dog is running across a snow covered field.
A dog walks through the snow.
Two dogs run through dirt and weeds.
Girls wearing costumes stand around, one smiles.
During an ice hockey game, a man tries to make a goal.
A man sits on a bench with some bags.
A young boy in a striped sweatshirt and jeans running in the grass.
A woman in holds a coconut in front of an interested dog.
A girl in pink socks jumping with her hands in the air.
A girl in pink smiling for the camera.
A large gray bird with yellow legs flies near the water.
Three men wearing green t-shirts do a street performance.
A group of people sit outside a restaurant at a ski lodge.
Redheaded girl in the backyard sitting on a seesaw.
A man on a sled is pulled through the snow by his dogs.
A person in protective equipment riding a dirt bike.
A group of asian girls dressed in pink and purple posing in a straight line
A dog wearing an orange jacket is laying in the snow
A white dog in a river is chasing a duck
A solitary man is walking in a cemetery.
A surfer is riding a wave in a large body of water.
A boy holding a soda can in a waterfall
Two women sit at desks in a large room with white walls.
A woman with a red basketball jersey is holding a basketball and looking up.
A man is using a leaf blower to get leaves off the sidewalk
A young man rolling up the sleeves on his sweater.
A woman sorts things on a bright blue cloth.
A paraskier is landing on a mountain.
A group of young boys in blue swimming suits attempt to jump into a pool to their swimming instructors.
A wet dog emerges from deep water.
A big, brown dog is shaking off while in the water.
A little boy on a green sled at night.
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
This is a small stamp with blue skies and white lines with green bushes.
A person is jumping over a house on skis.
People sitting on chairs overlooking a steep rocky incline.
A lone protester in a black jacket on the sidewalk.
Five people are outside in a park-like area and one of them is reaching for a hand swing.
A band of five young adult males performing next to a window.
A family sitting in front of a cream house on the porch steps.
A group of people with gloves on working on large colorful squares.
A black dog jumps down a snowy hill.
A tennis player getting ready to backhand the ball in a tennis match.
Man playing a brown and white electric guitar.
An Asian boy and girl walking amongst a crowd with trees over their path.
A man and a woman are laid back relaxing on the couch.
A man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups.
A man holding a drink poses with a woman.
Two women with their arms around each other smile into the camera.
Dressing in black, a person sits on a bridge.
Two young men stand holding a sign against a wall.
A man wearing a bowtie and glasses poses for a photo.
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
An adult smiles with a child on a swing.
Crowd of people in street lined with tall tan buildings.
A man is sleeping on a bench outside.
A group of friends play instruments in the middle of the woods.
A man is performing a handstand on the beach.
An person runs at the waters edge at the ocean.
Elderly man in wheelchair begging for handout
The dancer gets her final makeup before going out on stage.
A woman in a pink shirt looks at the water.
A dog playing in the snow with a white ball.
Man in a yellow kayak is paddling through the rapids.
Two guys, both wearing white suits one with a black belt the other one with a black and red belt, they are having a match.
Two men that are in a match with one another.
A woman in a dark shirt and glasses looks at a digital camera.
A bicyclist rides on ramps.
A boy on a skateboard is riding on a stone wall
Two people working on a ladder to get something from a tree.
A man on a yellow surfboard rides an easy wave.
Person with skis and a dog are standing in the snow.
A contingent of bagpipers walk down a street in a parade.
A man in a sweater is playing darts.
A martial artist lands a blow to the thigh of his opponent while a referee throws up his hand.
Two women with a baby stroller in a fancy restaurant.
A person wearing a gray jacket and sunglasses poses for the camera.
A man with a black hat is standing and shading his eyes.
A brown and white dog on a trampoline with a forest in the background.
Two young women posing and holding each other in closeup.
People in a school cafeteria with a boy in the foreground wearing yellow and brown stripes
A toddler swings back very high.
A lacrosse player celebrates with a teammate.
Young women playing a intense game of lacrosse.
A football player in a green and gold uniform cradles the ball as he leaps over an opposing player.
Many people are witnessing a football player catching the ball
An athletic basketball player is coming down from dunking the ball.
Two basketball players on opposing teams longing for the ball.
A man wearing a black shirt and eyeglasses is raising his hands while seated at a poker table.
Three young children riding on a donkey drawn cart.
The man on the left is looking at the woman and the man.
Two women soccer players competing in a game.
A football player in red is getting hit by a player in white.
Two teams playing rugby in the ground.
A male basketball player is holding onto the rim of a basketball goal.
A basketball player drives to the hoop.
A boy on a skateboard grinding down a handrail.
A man in dark clothes leaning off of a building entrance with upraised arms.
Two workers with yellow hard hats and blue working clothes are cleaning a parking lot.
A uniformed man watches a train speed by.
Wet brown dog, jumping out of the water.
Two men working on there apple laptops.
A man in sunglasses, a red striped sweater, and a leather jacket smiles and points his finger.
There is a dog running along the beach.
A woman in a brown vest is walking on the snow with an animal.
Brown and white dog rolling around on the grass.
A man in glasses is sitting behind a table laden with military memorabilia.
Man and woman in the night dancing with spinning torches in hands.
The black and white dog jumps by a log near a creek.
A young boy jumps off a rock in the forest
Three young students sitting at tables in the library working on homework.
Two girls hapily playing in a park.
A little girl pulls on a blanket while a little boy lies on top of it.
A dog catches a toy in the snow.
A couple gazes in awe at a display at a carnival
A biker flies through the air near sand dunes.
An oriental woman wearing a black tunic, leggings and boots, stands outside a produce store.
People watching air jets in a big event.
Two figures stand in a snowy setting wearing white and hot pink outfits, gazing towards a mountain.
Two girls in blue uniforms one girl in white playing soccer.
A man in white and green is playing soccer on a field.
This man is in a restaurant that has slot machines.
Fishermen at the sandy beach side by side throwing the net to the ocean.
Two teams competing in a soccer game.
Two men shining their customers shoes outside.
A picture of Jim who wears glasses in a lab coat.
Two young Asians, a girl and a boy, dressed up in suits, are sitting at a table and appear to be studying.
A tan dog runs along the grass.
Two women in black have blood on their face and knee.
Many people decide it's time to eat.
In an empty fitness center, a woman crouches and prepares to lift a long weight.
A woman in a white outfut playing tennis.
A mom holding her baby in her lap.
There is a person playing a guitar.
A female singer dressed in a tan dress pulls a microphone toward her as three musicians playing stringed instruments provide the music.
Two men working on a tug boat.
A young man lifts a large barbell in a gym.
A man cleaning at the window glass
Three teenage boys in t-shirts are walking down the street.
A girl is curling in a competition.
A snowboarder wearing a red jacket is going down a mountain.
A Muslim man wearing sunglasses prepares food.
Male with a white shirt and a brown jacket sitting next to a pile of beans.
A man is biking on a hill.
A man is sitting on a bike in the middle of the woods.
A man is snowboarding down a snowy hill.
A couple of children that are outside, trying on civil war era outfits.
Two women help a bride with her wedding dress fitting.
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow.
A skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man
A smiling toddler is sitting in a bathtub with her wet hair pulled into a long, wet spike coming off the top of her head.
The dog is resting after a game of fetch.
A crane, wings outstreached, above the ocean.
A dog jumps over a bar with a ball in its mouth.
Man with orange duffel bag and girl in pigtails push a loaded cart down a sidewalk.
A man in jeans holding a bike frame with another man in the background.
A black and brown dog playing with a stick
A dog licks his nose.
A little boy is watching a little girl in white ride her bike by trees.
Dog swimming and splashing through water.
A man is using a machine on the ground in front of a stone peacock.
The large brown dog sat on the bed surronded by wrapping paper.
A young man wearing suit, tie, and sunglasses is walking down a sidewalk holding a piece of paper up in reading fashion.
The boy in the multi-color striped shirt is looking at the red box.
The woman in blue appears to blowing glass while a child looks on.
People walking in front of the Outdoor World store.
A man jumping with a skateboard under a bridge.
A soaking wet dog is splashing through the water.
A man and his child take a picture with pillows over their heads.
A man in a collar shirt is holding a babies hand.
A man dressed all in white wearing a white mask on his face pretending to be a statue in a plaza.
A snowboarder jumps over a barrel.
A person wearing a lively outfit dancing on some concrete.
Two dogs run across the woods.
The girl is pointing at a geyser
A small baby dress in yellow smiles.
A child with a cowboy hat sits with a guitar on his lap.
A blond-haired little boy getting a haircut.
A man in a red sweater holds a child on top of his shoulders.
The skateboarder is turning around while holding onto the ground.
One person wearing a Chinese hat, gardening, while a group of people facing the opposite direction stand behind him.
A small dog chases a white ball on the grass
A boy is standing on a snowy hill looking at a sunset or sunrise.
A snowboarder grabs his board while midair.
An old man holds the leash of a white mule dragging a red cart.
The man with spiky hair sits by a colorful poster.
A team of soccer players lifts one teammate so that he can reach the ball.
A white male with blond-hair is drinking beer.
A person sitting in a green chair outside of a building surrounded by trash.
A small group of people look at an artistic water fountain.
A man in a blue jumpsuit hangs from a metal pole by a harness.
People eating outside on a very long table.
A man wearing a ha is taking his horse out for a walk.
A boy and his pet toad just hanging out.
People are standing in a building that's under construction near 3rd St.
A young child plays on a beach next to an empty chair.
A person in a plaid shirt takes a picture of a white Vespa bag on some grass.
A couple men sitting outside of a bar
Two women with long hair and large-boned physiques are posing for a camera in front of trees.
A softball player tries desperately to reach her base while the opponent tags her out.
A dog is at the top of a blue slide and a little boy is behind him.
A man is looking at artwork.
A man is in the air upside-down in the snow.
Two women talk to each other outside.
Two men and two women in jackets walk down a large city street.
This person is parachuting with skis onto a snowy hill.
Two dogs are barking in a kitchen while a person sits at a table.
The man and his two kids are about to walk past a person.
Five men wearing tuxedos jump up in the air in front of a small river
A group of people are in the water.
A person cleans up a mess in front of a stage.
A girl is sliding into the base during a softball game.
Little brown dog sticking head in a coloful bag filled with cloth.
Skier in red jumping high in the air over the snow.
A person in a raincoat stands in a boat going across the water.
A woman in a brown shirt talking on a pink mobile.
A man is parking his bicycle outside a building next to a statue of a man's head.
A woman in a salmon colored shirt speaks and gestures to a man in a green shirt.
A woman on her laptop smiling down at a person in a blue shirt lying next to her.
The surfer passes a fellow surfer while paddling into the surf.
A group of friends play in a lake.
A group of girls is eating out on a deck.
The gray and white dog is running through the snow.
A male skateboarder Takes advantage of the half pipe.
People in orange robes line up behind a man wearing sunglasses.
People riding horses on the beach.
Two dogs play with one another on the grass.
A large gray and white water bird.
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.
People relax in the grass at nighttime during a carnival.
Man sitting in a black chair smoking at a restaurant.
An elderly woman is wearing a pink striped shirt.
Two young women being to cross the street as a yellow school bus passes.
A person jumps a bicycle off a ramp in a barren forest.
A woman in a store is holding an item in her left hand while looking away from the camera.
A child gets ready to slide down the slide.
A little girl wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks.
A bird, wings outstreached, over the water.
A man holds and looks at a product at a grocery store.
A young woman washing her car.
A boy and his dog are standing on a trampoline, enjoying each others company.
The girl in the yellow dress looks so cute.
A person on a motorcycle doing a wheelie off of a rock.
Snowboarders do tricks on mountain.
Boy sitting on a couch staring with a hammer in his hands.
A person sitting on a lift over water with another person handing a bag to them.
Three dogs are in the snow in front of a fence.
A redheaded woman with a crowd in the background.
A man with long sleeves is firing a flare pistol at night.
Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track.
A boy is airborne on a bicycle above an urban walkway near a handrail.
People on the sidewalk, while a person in the street holds an ax.
A man is riding his bike through a wooded area in the morning.
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
A person skates along the inside of a long tube.
A group of twenty-something men sit around a table.
Two men Nordic ski racing while others watch from behind.
A man is playing a guitar on the sidewalk.
A man sits on a bench near the beach, tying his shoe.
Twelve people are ready to take off in a hot air balloon.
Two men in a an alleyway, one with his hands in his pockets looking one way the other looking behind him.
Four kids climb a snowy hill, one struggles.
A crowd full of people are holding flags and signs.
Two bearded men and a woman.
A little blond girl in green parka and red rain boots is placing one foot at the edge of a small lake, with wintry trees and an occupied outboard motorboat in the background.
A woman with long brown hair sits alone in a bar.
A woman is scooping ice cream while a man sits at the table next to her.
Two men are waiting to be interviewed, while another checks the mics.
A little girl in bright green is walking on pavement while carrying a bag or box.
A man wearing a hat sleeping in a large brown chair.
A crosscountry skier grimaces as he climbs a slight incline.
Group of friends sliding down a sandy hill.
Three men are walking in a row, one behind the other, on a city street in front of a store named "The Odeon".
Girl in plaid shirt riding a unicycle.
Workers create an object out of metal and wood.
Girls participating in a basketball game in front of a crowd.
A woman is jumping on the top of a hill of sand.
Two kids running over a sand dune.
A dog leaps in the air parallel to a tennis ball.
A red tugboat is about to dock at a port.
Two women walk in front of a bus to cross the road.
Five old men playing pool
A man uses a cartridge razor to shave his cheek.
The man is filling his car with gasoline.
Trying to hold on is as much of a good idea as it is a bad one!
One of the players is playing for the Irish team.
A pitcher is getting ready to throw a ball during a baseball game.
A baseball player in white is swinging at the ball.
A baseball player tries to slide into third base while another player blocks him, as an umpire approaches.
Person sitting at a desk in a library.
Skateboarder on a ramp as seen through a chain link fence.
A worker repairs brick on a chimney.
A person wearing a dress walking along water in the mud.
A man is on a horse in front of an audience.
With tall glittering white crowns a man and a woman pose together with palm tress and glittery red and white stars in the background.
A group of people sitting from afar.
Two guys are on a baseball field and one is about to hit the base .a group
A Notre Dame baseball player running the bases.
A group of people stand sound outdoors, one wearing pink pants and a blue top.
A male in a dark colored sweatshirt and standing behind a chair.
Two men walk along a busy city street with words printed on the sidewalk.
A little girl climbing a ropes apparatus.
A boy with dark and a woman in a brown shirt are playing with a purple stuffed toy.
People with equipment climbing up a snowy mountain
Someone is walking through the snow with snow covered mountains behind them.
A man standing in a white shirt is conducting a small group of violin players.
A orchestra practicing and playing music in a hall without an audience.
A blond woman is guessing a brown-haired man on the cheek.
A black and brown dog wrestle, and a little dog watches.
An asian woman in a black bikini looks at a mobile phone near the pool.
A young boy clings to the leg of the marble statue of a bare-chested woman.
Two women sitting on a ski lift, with mountains in the background.
Two women in bathing suits play on the beach.
People dancing in front of instructor
Two women wearing white bathrobes relax on a couch with their feet kicked up on a coffee table.
A little girl riding a toy horse during Christmas.
A woman in a black shirt is putting a spoon into her mouth.
A middle-aged man taking a rest after his trapeze act in the circus.
A man wearing a sports uniform runs down the field as another follows.
A brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
A woman with black hair with purple streaks in it takes a bite while her companion in a red shirt looks on.
A lovely lady playing music.
A woman with dark curly hair and a dark dress is singing and holding a guitar.
A man skis downhill on a mountain.
Two boys paddle across the water with fishing nets, one wearing a long-sleeved yellow shirt and the other wearing a baggie hoodie.
Two little girls are sitting on a lion statue.
View of a soccer ball being kicked into a goal net
A bull rider just got flung from a horse.
This large black and white dog is running on the sand.
A high school band is walking in a parade.
A crowd of young people are dancing in the dark.
An old Asian man wearing a red beanie and blue jacket is smiling.
A black dog is jumping into the water and catches a stick in its mouth.
Two women in black practising throwing rifles in the air.
An older Asian man wears a black and green jacket and a New York City hat, holding a bicycle rental sign.
The man in the red shirt is carrying a black bag through the city streets.
A man is throwing a ball across the field.
A baseball player is running to base.
A baseball player in a blue uniform beats a runner to the base.
A brown dog runs on brown grass.
A bicycle rider takes a daring jump as his friends watch.
A young child is shouting with people around him.
A man in jeans and a green shirt works at a hockey rink.
A woman buys a large amount of cat litter from a Walmart store.
A white and brown dog is running up a grassy hill.
Two baseball players are exchanging a handshake.
An outfielder about to catch a fly ball.
Baseball player wearing gold helmet with blue jersey and gray pants.
A dog runs over the snow carrying a large stick in its mouth.
A large bird flaps its wings above the water.
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.
Two BMX bikers on a muddy course.
A boy on a skateboard sliding on a rail.
The young dancer marches in the parade.
Young boy wearing a white bathing suit is jumping up in the pool.
Several people stand outside, singing in blue and green clothing.
A group of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market.
Three dancers wearing red sashes perform on a darkened stage.
A man and a young boy are sitting on a step eating oranges.
Two guys are in a gym, one watching the other hit a heavy bag.
A group of people are standing in front of some stores.
A parachute skier lifting off from the ground.
The person in the black shirt performed a stunt in the street while the crowd watched.
A group of people watching a snowboarder perform a trick.
A man wearing glasses and shirt that says "got rocks?" is flipping a pancake out of a frying pan.
A young girl has a green plastic bib,girl in purple is in the kitchen behind her.
An oriental woman looks at a small display of cosmetics on a table.
A group of men cheer with styrofoam cups.
A group of people standing in front of a vendor's booth.
A group of dogs are playing together in snow.
A man with sunglasses is sitting on a deck.
A cheerful man camps out in the snow with pink flamingos.
A woman is laying in a bed which has flowers on its blanket.
Two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo.
A group of guys playing basketball at a park.
A parade of civil war soldiers playing flutes and drums.
A large brown and white dog is leaping through the hair.
A blond girl reads the Boy Scout Handbook.
A man in a tuxedo plays a brass instrument in accompaniment with a female piano player.
Three white dogs are near a black llama.
There are 5 brown dogs on leashes with their owners nearby.
A wall with writings from angry protesters in a big city.
A snowboarder is doing a big jump and is in the air.
Two people walking by an old house.
A man in the dooorway of a bus looking onward.
Two old men wearing winter coat walking through woods.
One man in stripes and one in leather pose for the camera in a city.
A dog playing ball in the sand.
A old woman is holding shopping bags on a busy city street.
An artist sculpting his statue.
Three riders wearing black jerseys jump their BMX bikes into the air.
A young asian girl stands between two tree trunks.
Three women in American colonial-style dress sit together and stitch.
Children are playing monopoly together.
Two dogs are on a trail in the woods while two people are looking at them from behind.
The solitude boat floats on the lake.
An Asian girl is standing in a crowd wearing red lipstick.
A woman in black converse walks down the sidewalk on a cold day.
Three men and a small boy work on a green model train outside.
A white dog has caught a stick on the beach beside the ocean.
A man on a bike in midair
A stunt biker leaps into the air beside the setting sun.
A teenage boy in rides a hand-railing on a skateboard outside a columned brick building.
A lone skier skiing through the snow.
A woman talks into the hear of a man holding a glass of beer.
A few women and children are on a sidewalk.
A man rows a small dingy laden with green plants on a river.
A white dog with a black collar runs in the snow.
Many people are walking along a path next to a long building and trees.
Two hockey teams compete.
A special of the day board at a restaurant.
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.
A restaurant's booths a brightly lit and surrounded by mirrors.
A group of people run down a city street.
An African family gathered outside preparing something in a pot over a fire.
A brown and white dog bares his teeth in the snow.
African children at a well with one retrieving water by pulling up a bucket.
A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt.
A person is observing photos that are in frames on a wall.
A yellow motorcycle drives down the road.
Skier jumps high in front of trees in snowy winter landscape.
A child is holding three birds in his hands.
Indian students working and in discussion in a classroom.
Some people waiting to cross a busy street in Portland Oregon.
Two people are standing on three horses as part of a parade.
A man and a woman show their tatooed hearts on their wrists
The woman in the red jacket looks at the child in a green jacket.
Two blond female wrestlers in the ring.
A cowgirl is lassoing a young white calf from the back of her brown horse.
A girl and a woman ride a camel.
A young boy jumps into the air using a trampoline.
A hiker is walking up the mountain on a snow-covered road.
A group of men wait in line to recieve food at a window.
A man is handing a box to another man in a group.
A man and child are talking a walk through a park.
An African woman stands with her two children under a boulder.
A person on a snowboard jumps over a cliff in the snow.
Two men are playing guitars together
A climber with a yellow backpack walks along the ridge of a snowy mountainside.
A boy on a black surfboard riding the wave on his stomach.
A woman taking a photo of an object on a bed.
A group of kids sitting against a large red dumpster.
A group of African women and children wearing brightly colored clothes.
A man Rollerblades on a skate course.
Many people are walking in the city near tall buildings.
Friends laughing about something they have just witnessed.
A group of people are sitting underneath a tin roof.
Two young lovers about to go their separate ways.
Many people are spread out along a beach or lagoon enjoying themselves.
Three people at are doing high-risk work.
A small group of people of observe the wilderness during the daytime.
A little asian girl is eating snacks while smiling softly.
The boys are playing a game of soccer on their neighborhood street.
Two young girls talking to a man in a van.
A carefully balanced male stands on one foot near a clean ocean beach area.
A girl is crouching on a skateboard next to a brightly colored wall.
A man with glasses is starring at the camera.
A street corner with parked cars - white, red and back.
A group of boys are playing a game on a beach.
Two people in protective gear welding.
A man in orange is bent over welding something on the ground.
Two females ride camels backs.
Two young girls are riding beige camels as another lady wearing a purse watches.
A skier swishing down a mountain trail.
A skateboarder is in the air after skating up a cement ramp.
Two Asian girls are sitting in a flower field.
Boy wearing a blue hoodie jumps over a stair railing.
Young people practice walking on the high wire.
A snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumps above a low gate.
A young adult dances on his hand.
Two asian girls dressed in black pose for a picture in front of dry trees.
A dirt bike rider is in the air pulling off a trick.
A group of children wearing blue and yellow uniforms put their hands together.
A man wearing red plays his guitar on the grass.
Two children standing in the grass being sprayed by a hose.
The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
Three females and one male are walking at the edge of a road.
A mother and her three children walking down a city street.
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.
Two dogs chase down a mowed grass field.
Two older women sit on a wooden bench outdoors.
A man slides a skateboard down a stair ramp.
The boy in blue has the ball, and the boy in white is airborne.
A woman holding a clothes basket standing in front of a building with an apartment for rent.
A man on machine talking to a guy dressed in a crazy outfit.
One female and two male musicians holding musical equipment.
A couple is walking down a busy city street when they pass a bird show.
The woman wrapped a flag around her body and burned incense.
A woman in a red jacket and another person get their snowboards out on a snow filled parking lot.
Three men wearing yellow work vests stand among a group of people.
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.
A hockey player looks intently downward.
Several men dressed in back jumpsuits sing and play instruments.
Group of men and women waiting for a bus.
People walking down the street and past an open bus.
A woman in a blue shirt and straw hat is painting outside.
A woman in a black hat is speaking to a woman in a blue dress.
A woman in a red coat is on the skiing.
Two men jump up for the ball near the hoop in a basketball game.
A woman wearing a white shirt walks on the sidewalk with a large sweeper.
The lady holds her paintbrush next to the artist's easel.
Two men are talking while another looks on.
A person doing a bicycle jump, a skyline in the background.
A basketball player dribbles the ball during a game.
The guy in the white uniform has a basketball in his hand.
A woman hiking in the snow using ski poles.
A boy wearing a blue shirt is going down a slide.
A hockey goalie crouches on the ice.
A woman in a black jacket and a man in a white shirt pass each other by on the sidewalk.
A snowboarder is attempting a jump on a crafted ski run.
A man is helping a young boy learn to ride his tricycle.
People in a truck-full of sacks in a field full of sheep.
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts.
A group of people dressed up colorfully.
A group of people starting out, from the start gate, on a 5K event.
A young man staring outside of a restaurant window.
The ice hockey goal keeper is dressed in a red strip.
A happy couple returning from their shopping spree.
A broad shot of a busy street in a lull
A brown-haired, little girl itches her eye in a stroller.
A young man in a swimsuit with water crashing behind him.
A man in a red shirt is butchering a small animal on a wooden board.
A young women with long blond-hair is planting in a garden.
Girl in swimming pool flinging her hair back over her head.
Bicyclist dressed in black and white with white sunglasses on points at something.
A blond man puts up a tent.
The small dog teases the large dog in the field.
An elderly male is blowing air into an object.
The green hilly countryside is where the people are gathered to sit down.
Three men putting items on their blue boat.
A very young smiling boy is in jeans and sneakers is standing and holding on to a piece of gym equipment outside.
Two children are playing soccer
A Hispanic family sitting around a table enjoying a meal together.
A woman is holding her head amid produce.
A child in a Tye-dyed shirt is climbing a rock wall with another child.
A man sits in a grassy area and observes the landscape below.
A rottweiler carries a very long stick in his mouth through the woods.
A woman wearing a helmet rides her bike down a steep incline.
A lady sits on a porch swing in the yard while a girl sits on the ground by her.
A man in a black shirt is walking on rocks.
A man in a black shirt looks at a glacier.
A brown dog wades through water and walks toward a rock.
Three people, wearing parachutes, are free-falling together through the sky.
Two people and a dog are in the snow.
A person is being pulled by watercraft across the gleaming water.
A woman is outside a store taking a picture and making a face.
A bald man in a tank top riding bike through a city.
A man stands on a long in a body of water.
A brown dog in the snow has something hot pink in its mouth.
A small child stands in front of short white table.
A woman is peddling grain in the market.
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
A man is fishing on an inlet in the ocean.
Young lady paints another young ladies face outdoors.
An asian man attempts to put out a wildfire with a small wooden bucket.
A girl is looking at a tripod.
Person on rollerskates dressed as a clown is holding a screaming boy who is wearing a blue dunce hat and blue wizards cape.
A man in dayglo yellow collects trash along a street while others look on.
A few women are dancing at a basketball game on the court.
Lambs on a grassy hill.
Two dogs wrestle in the snow in a fenced-in area.
A man is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk.
A toddler girl with pigtails plays with a camera tripod.
A black dog is digging in the snow.
A group of people talking and another group looking at photographs taped to the wall.
A woman holding a baby with two children around her
A skateboarder is performing a jump on a slope.
The dog is licking inside the peanut butter jar.
A small group of people is chatting in a city plaza.
Three women standing together talk with each other.
The guy lets his girl beat him in a local bike race.
Three men and two women talking.
A group of dancers perform during a parade on a city street.
Three dogs are all tugging on the same toy as they stand behind a house.
The spanish man walked very quickly down the hill, with his child.
A girl in a black and blue wetsuit is surfing.
A woman in a market gestures to a hat, while a child reaches for the hat.
A security guard standing beside a bright orange advertisement.
Two men riding a dirt bike and one is falling off into a mud puddle.
A woman giving a presentation using a slideshow projection.
Men wearing bright yellow jackets push green bins as other people walk past.
Two men wearing reflective clothing working in a tunnel.
The white and black dog is running through a field.
A man is looking up at a board.
Two guys playing a guitar on stage with many lights.
Children playing baseball in a public park.
A baseball player in a blue uniform has just released the baseball on the sidelines.
A child walking in the snow.
A girl, wearing blue goggles and a striped swimsuit, plays in a swimming pool.
A group of people on skis with two dogs.
The man is parasailing and doing a trick.
A woman in roller derby gear looks across the room.
The dogs are running through the water
People are on the beach sunbathing near rocky cliffs.
Two young boys are posing with a person dressed as a Power Ranger.
A small dog with a ball in its mouth running through a course.
A dark-haired woman in a black outfit and black high heels is posing for a picture with cacti in the background.
Two little girls walk down a big desert.
A dog runs along a beach near the waves.
Dancers pose in front of a multicolored, drawn (art ) backdrop.
A man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster.
Two men are playing in a band.
A man with a white beard is wearing an apron and in the kitchen.
A man wearing a white shirt holding a rack of edibles.
One construction worker in an orange vest shoveling rocks while another one in a blue vest watches.
A surfer is riding numerous waves.
A blurred vision of a bike rider in front of a hill top.
A woman on stage points to a man holding up his hand
Two women are outside and one woman is wearing an apron looking into a black machine.
Two boys put their arms around each other and pose.
One boy stands pointing at another boy who is balled up on the floor.
A bird soars with wings spread.
People gather for a farmers market day, shopping for groceries and clothing on a sunny day.
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
A dog holds a large stick in its mouth in the woods.
A kid sits on a skiing device in the snow.
Two children play on the road on a snowy day.
Two Africans in red and blue shawls pose for a picture outside a barber shop.
A dog is in some water with a tree branch in its mouth.
Asian woman in black boots and tights with short dress leans again fence.
Someone riding a bicycle is up in the air over a dirt and hill trail.
A mountain biker riding through a forest.
A man wearing a black shirt and sweater is looking down.
A mother is holding her child on a train.
A little girl is sitting on the sidewalk looking at colorful children's coloring books.
A skier on a snowy ski jump
A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him.
The boys are playing with Legos.
Man flying through the air on skis over a mountain.
A man kneeling on a roof touching a piece of plywood wearing sunglasses.
A group of young people are playing around with water guns and standing in front of a white truck.
A man is watching a girl draw as he eats.
Four people are standing in front of a van and are doing construction.
A man in a green shirt is jumping in a laundry room.
Three Indian men are sitting together with baskets of fresh fruit, vegetables, and herbs in baskets at their feet.
Two hockey players fighting for the puck at hockey game.
A blond child runs down a sand dune while another looks on.
Men with camels gather on a beach.
Two girls primping a third girl in village setting.
Three girls hammer nails on a roof.
Several people building a small building in a crowded yard.
A group of people outside with boards and construction tools.
The man on the roof is wearing sunglasses and is working hard.
Four workers pose between beams of a house.
A group of people holding tools stand in front of an uncompleted house.
Men working on building a house.
A group of volunteers help build a house on behalf of Habitat for Humanity.
Two women on a construction site.
A small group of Asian women gather together beneath a red banner.
A man is standing next to a BMW.
A group of students in uniforms listens attentively to the front of the class.
A man and women eating while sharing headphones.
A woman in a baseball hat and jeans squeezes a mop into a yellow bucket.
Two guitar players dressed in white
A black poodle is running in the snow.
A black poodle is playing with the snow.
Two people stand on a grassy hillside in front of a large wooden cross.
Five people sitting on the rocks near a wooden shed.
A man wearing a white tank top and white hat is engraving key chains.
The wet dog has retrieved the pink purse with aqua handles.
A white and brown dog, wearing a bandanna, jumps through the air.
A woman is applying her lipstick.
A woman in a top hat is trying to get into a maroon car at night.
The young woman in blue is running on a treadmill.
A basketball player has jumped in the air to shoot the basketball.
A woman holds a sleeping baby.
Some dancers in kilts compete in front of a judge wearing black.
A man wearing blue plays soccer.
A bunch of dogs on a beach.
A lone skateboarder jumping a huge skateboarding ramp.
A black dog with a red collar is running on the snow.
Two children are using pruning tools in the yard.
A little girl jumps in ballet in class as two others look on
A little boy is jumping up and down.
A basketball player in black jumps, while another in white attempts to block.
A man falling over in an ocean wave
One girl about to blow on a streamer, while the other laughs.
Construction workers are laying down pavement to repair a road.
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
A crowd of people walking the street with Santa.
A woman is looking at something that is being illuminated by two light bulbs.
A man sits by a red building while smoking.
The black dog is running through a swampy area with pieces of wood its mouth.
Two elderly females shopping in a department store currently looking at stockings.
A little girl smiles in her snowsuit while playing in the snow.
A man hits a volleyball on the beach.
An orchestra, in formal dress, with a man playing the cello in the center.
A man with black hair is cutting fish.
A man in a hat sits on a sofa with an infant.
A beautiful white bird takes off in flight.
A man and woman and two small children are sitting in the floor with wrapped Christmas presents.
Three dogs running towards a fence in the snow.
Two women with young children are talking on the street.
Two men wearing shorts are going up outside steps.
People walking through a produce market with beautiful overhead lights.
People observe animals in a covered exhibit at the zoo.
A young skier receives a lesson in the snow from an adult.
A poodle running along a beach carrying a stick in its mouth.
A person in a blue jacket climbs a large rock in a dark forest.
A man climbs a rock.
A woman attempting to put on a pair of tights in an unkempt room.
A man with a purple hat is climbing a rock.
This man in the yellow shirt is adjusting blue bicycle for a young boy.
Little kid in red snowsuit with hello kitty mittens
The snowboarder does a trick off the side of a large green building.
A man in a white shirt is singing with a band.
A guy on a skateboard is doing a stunt at dusk.
Two hockey players fight with one hitting the other in the face.
Three people are being silly in the woods.
People in a parade wearing multicolored clothes and dancing.
A woman in a pink shirt wears rides a horse in a rodeo.
Two skiers are jumping over a mound of snow underneath bright sunshine.
Two older females taking pictures with their camera while another older female watches.
Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains.
A boy is doing a trick on his skateboard in a park.
Two smiling girls that are holding hands.
Two kids getting hit by a wave in the ocean
There is a man shooting basketballs next to a toddler.
A bald man with glasses wearing a gray long-sleeve sweater and jeans has his left hand up towards his mouth.
A group of young males stand together with their mouths open.
Six boys and two men are beside a large tree.
Two young adults smile at the camera.
A man walks past a storefront that has a name in French.
Vendors sell fruits and vegetables in an open-air market.
An african american woman is riding a bicycle down the street.
Three children playing with metal furniture.
A young man practices on his electric Yamaha keyboard.
A black dog leaps through the snow near a fence.
A large group of people attending an event with vendors and food.
A black poodle with a rope toy in its mouth.
A family of nine sits crowded on a white couch and smiling.
A soccer player jumping in air during a game.
Older black-haired woman leaning on the edge of a brick wall with hanging laundry behind her.
Three boys with blue shirts smiling for camera photo.
Stop action frame of a racer in a bicycle race.
A colorful truck unloads into a lake across from a tent camp.
A man in a brown jacket walking alone up a flight of stairs.
A woman in a conical hat works at a narrow loom.
A man plays a string instrument as part of an orchestra.
Biker jumping off a ramp in the forest.
Before a couple orders their food in a restaurant, they decide to clown around for the other couple sitting with them.
Three children are playing in the shallow ocean.
Two men wearing wrestling gear with their heads pressed together.
A teenager climbs a rock wall.
Female with glasses, holding a camera, shades her eyes with her hands while standing in the foreground of an ocean view.
The teacher is helping her student complete some work.
A brown dog is walking in the snow between some pine trees.
A little girl runs across the grass toward the trees.
A white heron flies into the sky.
People in a boat floating above waves.
A bull charges out of the gates at a rodeo.
A heavier man wearing a blue shirt and black pants walks down the sidewalk of a shopping center.
Standing and sitting evenly with a line of trees, two female figures face the direction of a water body.
A boy surfs on a wave.
A man wearing a t-shirt that has "gnu" printed on it gives a technology presentation.
A classroom full of men, with the teacher up front.
Two women in hats are standing in front of onlookers, one is playing a violin and the other is playing an accordion.
A young boy moving towards a yellow ball.
A black youth in a blue shirt engages in an animated discussion with other young people around a table.
Spectators watch as a snowboarder does a trick.
An older man with a plaid shirt is looking through a microscope.
Three ladies are standing in a room that looks like a work lounge.
A team of soccer players in white strips are running around cones on a sports field.
Tourists taking a picture in front of a building.
A snowboarder is performing a stunt in front of a crowd of spectators.
A stage is being erected on a city street while passersby watch.
Several people have set up temporary camp beside a large marble support column.
A guy playing a guitar with "Whatever it takes" written on it.
A group of many people who seem to be selling or eating food under a tent.
A man sitting in the corner talking on his cellphone.
Two people sit on a dock next to each other watching the sunset.
A group of performers sing and play under the spotlight.
Male wearing brown shirt holding a microphone with an expression of singing.
Two Latinos playing instruments; one on the violin and the other on harp.
Two boys are playing in the water near an old building and a boat.
One teenager taking a risk by diving on his side.
People are gathering around a table of food and outside a taxi wisks by.
Asian boy puts his head inside a large bubble.
Two children are on a bed while playing with some toys.
People dressed for cool weather, eagerly waiting in line.
A large group of people come together to proclaim their cause before the cameras.
A brown god relaxes on a brick sidewalk.
A stunt man does a bike trick up in the air while fireworks go off around him
A group of people walking on snowy steps.
Lots of people on a stairway in an old fancy building for an event.
A skater performs a stunt off a cement wall covered in graffiti.
A smiling woman and man are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio.
A mountain biker wearing white races through a turn.
Four people walking along the side of a brick building.
A snowboarder jumps high over the snowy hill.
A child in a brown, patterned jacket lays on a couch with a blue blanket
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino's Pizza sign.
A child wearing a coat among some trees and funny designs.
A baby in a pot on a stove.
A little boy with a blue goggles and headset is wearing a black shirt with a number on it and a gray shorts.
A teenager is attempting a skateboarding trick in an urban area.
A woman is asleep on a chair on a bus.
A boy runs on colorful lines.
Five people in white shirts wearing gray hats in the woods with tools.
A little girl in a purple hat is starring.
A chorus is standing in front of an American flag in sailor hats singing.
A group of bike riders are riding on the street.
The brightly colored rider is riding down a countryside hill on a scooter.
A man in a striped hat walks by a disco establishment.
A man standing alone with a sad look upon his face.
A crowd scene in front of mosque.
A child crossing a chain fence to get to the water.
A man and a woman ride scooter like vehicles
A shaggy black and white dog is running on the grass.
A surfer in a red shirt is under a large wave.
A group of kids are running while playing soccer.
A child doing some drills for soccer.
A little girl kicking a soccer ball to a little boy.
Four people and the sun.
Three basketball players in white are defending against the attacking player with the ball in orange.
A couple enjoying a glass of white wine.
People on bicycles riding through a group of onlookers.
The man is playing in the yard with two dogs.
A woman in a lavish orange dress dances with a man in all black clothing.
A snowboarder in red rides down the slope.
A person in a green shirt on a skateboard jumping off of a short set of stairs.
A boy with a basketball.
A man going down the hill in the snow
A skier outfitted in red on a snow-covered mountain.
A man is kicking the soccer ball towards the goalie on a warm day.
This Gentleman in a White Shirt, is really studying, at his Computer.
Three children are standing on the trunk of a tree that has fallen.
Kids talking to an elderly woman in front of a door.
Two women embrace, one in a brown shirt and one in a purple shirt, as other people look on.
A young boy with a blue umbrella waits outside a shop.
A chef in a blue hat bends over in front of people while they are eating.
A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A group of people are on a boat in a marina.
A boy in a blue jacket on a subway train.
Back of a red-haired woman riding on the subway.
A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding.
A skier dressed in black speeds down the mountain.
Boy skateboarding down a stair railing in winter
A woman in red and white standing in the middle of the street.
Hockey players with one taking a shot.
A black bird in the air with leaves in its mouth.
Asian mother and child are looking at the aquarium tank.
Three men wearing white uniforms stand on a grass field in front of a crowd.
A man with black gloves sits on someone's shoulders to take a picture.
Three boys cross a river with some sort of wild animal.
A small child is playing with hula-hoops in a yard of a neighborhood.
Three colorful clowns with ballons posing next to another plastic clown.
A group of people are standing.
Kids, toddlers and women taking a bath and washing clothes, probably near a riverbed and one girl is carrying a container of water.
Some people in medieval costume are walking through a crowded street.
A man in all black clothing on stage reading something from a piece of paper into the microphone to the audience.
A mountain biker wearing a colorful helmet rides downhill.
A skier is jumping off a steep hillside covered with snow.
Young boy in red hoodie ice skating.
A woman in a black and white long-sleeve floral print dress with pink lipstick appears to be singing near a brick wall and an atm machine.
A man in a white hat watching seagulls with two children.
A woman is walking her dog along a row of colorful houses with garages.
Little boy shoveling snow in the driveway.
Small boy with blue eyes wearing a white and red, orange and yellow bib
Two young girls are wrapped in Christmas tinsel.
A girl in a black shirt is putting a star on top of a Christmas tree.
Two girls are hanging tinsel from a Christmas tree.
A small brown dog plays with a ball on the beach.
A person with a green shirt jumps high over the grass.
A black and white dog rests its head on a camera.
A farmer and three children work on a farm.
A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board.
A group of four guys wearing tutu
A beautiful white dog walking in the brown grass.
A man walking behind a running dog on the beach.
The boy is on blue bike and is above a fence.
A black man is walking past a building on a busy sidewalk.
A large vehicle travels through a bumpy and muddy path.
A man on a bmx bike jumps over a train
Dog standing with 1 foot up in a large field.
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.
White tents lined up with red Chinese lanterns hanging from them
Person skiing on slope near ski lift
A man in a full wetsuit surfs a crashing wave.
Waitress in a black hat setting up the table.
The dog is running full speed through the meadow.
A man doing an acrobatic move on the seashore.
A man is skateboarding in front of a group of people.
A man jogging on the sidewalk while listening to music.
This person is laying on the floor at the bottom of the stairs and is missing a shoe.
People are gathered flying kites on a hillside.
A fashionably dressed woman holding a record in a frame at a used bookstore.
A couple is sharing a kiss on a cold sunny day.
A man wearing a blue wetsuit is wakeboarding through a big wave.
Two people are outside walking through the snow.
Young girls with gold and red capes running in a gymnasium.
The dog runs in the deep snow.
On the street a man sits and plays the drums while a man standing beside him plays the guitar.
A female rugby player trying to outmaneuver opposing players.
Inspectors trying to check a car that had collided with a track outside Chevron gas station in Texas.
A man wearing shorts is running along a beach.
The small, golden dog is attempting to take a furry object from a larger look-alike
Three friends are laughing on a skiing trip.
A man wearing protective clothing is being bitten on the arm by a dog.
Three men wear blue hard hats and orange vests.
A boy leans on a baseball bat and holds out one arm outstreached.
Several women are playing a game of beach volleyball.
A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel.
Cricket player with red cap hits the ball outdoors.
A man in jeans and a work shirt and gloves holds a chainsaw with a plant in the foreground.
Two basketball players fighting over control of a ball.
A man holding a baby who is petting a pony.
A man in a white hat is cleaning a display window at a restaurant.
Two black dogs run with a tennis ball across the snowy dirt.
A black man with dreadlocks is clapping.
A girl is comforting a small child who fell on the ice while skating
A kid sitting on an upside boat by the waterfront.
A woman is riding her bike and enjoying the ocean scenery.
A couple of people are watching a cruise ship.
A man with a red white and black striped shirt is pulling a cart full of blue buckets and brooms.
A snowboarder goes down a short hill next to stairs.
A girl is holding plastic wrap around her head.
A girl in a Burka is learning vocabulary in a classroom.
A large gray bird begins to land in the water.
Two couples pose for a picture in the winter.
Two people stand in front of a lake in the snow and pose for a picture.
Man in an office setting jumps rope in business attire.
A woman is doing yoga and smiling at the camera.
The snow borader is riding a rail.
A woman and two young girls shelter themselves from the rain with umbrellas.
A woman with red-hair is stapling paper.
A man in green holding a sign hugs a blond woman.
People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns.
Two people with signs reading "Free Hug" are staring with people nearby.
There are hundreds of people with red shirts running a marathon.
A woman in a floral shirt and white gloves balances a fishbowl on her head.
A dog in a field holding something in its mouth.
The brown and black dog has his mouth open.
The basketball player holds the ball.
The basketball player in blue is running between two players in white.
A black dog is running down a path.
An older white man in a black cowboy hat sings into a microphone.
A person in a multicolored jacket smoking a cigarette inside the driveway of a building.
A man at a sporting even dressed in green and yellow is smiling.
A basketball player is getting ready to shoot a hoop
Two men are playing basketball and one is trying to block the others shot.
Two basketball players play in a game.
A long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow.
Old man and woman in jackets facing each other
A tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball.
A baby is sitting on a blue slide.
A biker going up a path lined with red tape.
A skateboarder is jumping off a wooden table down some steps.
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
A male and female are at a table with a drink.
A silhouetted figure stands at the top of a snow-covered peak at the end of some tracks.
A woman lies on the floor next to a baby.
Sveral young boys climbing out of the water on a concrete sidewalk
Two African men mind their own business.
Man standing in front of a table filled with an assortment of eatable items as darkness look on.
A man wearing a maroon shirt tied around his face is laying on the cement
This man appears to be sleeping while resting his head on his hand.
A man is wearing a number on his white shirt.
A small child wearing jeans and a football jersey is wearing a clothing hamper as a hat.
Two men are running with numbers pinned to their shirts.
The white swan is taking off from the water.
A young boy outside by the pool, smiling.
A man attached to a harness is climbing a rock wall.
A man looking at the scenery through binoculars.
A bearded man in a blue shirt ls laughing while a suited mustached man holds up a glass.
A businessman leaving early for the day.
Two dogs standing and one dog laying down on its back.
Puppies, chickens and a turkey examining bucket contents on dirt.
A teenage boy gives another teenage boy a piggyback ride in a forest.
Women at a counter in a laundry mat looking at through her purse.
A halway has a sign that says "PORT DU CASQUE OBLIGATOIRE" and some graffiti.
Two women wrestle at the beach next to a city.
An individual is walking down a set of steps with a bag in their left hand.
Two women and a child celebrating at a nighttime party.
A woman in a gray top has her reflection caught in the bathroom mirror.
Two women pose for a picture in a bedroom.
A hair dresser is applying permed on a client's hair in a salon.
In a small village a Man sets sail along the Swamp.
The kitchen worker at a restaurant observes the dining room, including a man in a red jacket.
Small asian man in shorts with a really huge saw cutting wood.
A small black dog runs through the white snow.
Two people hike up a snowy hill.
Several people are walking along a narrow bridge over some water.
People listen to two men play guitar on a boat.
A hawk sits in a budding tree looking left.
Three kids are climbing a large tree in the city.
Black and white dog is jumping into the air to catch a ball outside.
Three boys are searching for their books in a library.
A child with a stick and no shirt sitting in the grass
A man wearing a coat and a scarf stands near a cafe.
Man in blue hat and blue and black striped shirt doing skateboarding trick on rock.
A black-haired woman is shopping for groceries holding roses.
No traffic because it is Sunday and the man is waiting to cross the road.
Group of people waving small American flags by a fence.
A black dog and a brown and white dog running in the grass.
Several people are helping to move a vendor cart.
A group of people, several of which are wearing fuzzy pink antennae.
A young child is trying to discover his way.
A martial artist demonstrating his skill by breaking boards with his foot in a dojo.
A black dog is chasing another black dog that's carrying a ball in its mouth.
The brown headed boy on his scooter is going to the toy store after school.
A person in winter clothes covers their face with a sweater.
A woman covering her eyes in a park as the day comes to an end
A man and a woman sitting by the water.
A baby in a blue shirt, looking at the camera while holding a crayon they were using.
A man with dreadlocks talks on his cellphone.
A man is up on a scaffold and appears to be washing the windows of a building.
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
Two people working in water next to field
Two men in an office are wrestling as two other men watch on.
A child in a scouts uniform is bagging things at a store.
A young girl filling a bottle with liquid using a funnel and pitcher.
A man is holding a pile of newspapers in a lobby, and a woman next to him has taken one of the newspapers and is smiling.
A man in a red shirt is holding magazines.
Two dogs lying on their backs on the purple bed.
A person secured in a harness swings toward a suspended ball.
A man wearing a scarf around his head is playing a flute outside.
A band playing in a dark indoor area.
A man works on a microscope while at least four others observe and one videotapes it.
A red-haired woman carries a baby on her chest in a carrier.
Two dogs run through grass near a body of water.
A white crane is flying above some water.
Three men stand together with two pairs of scales beside large heaps of fresh vegetables.
Old man wearing a red shirt sitting on a green bench.
The racing dog has a muzzle and is wearing striped jersey #8.
People in a gymnasium dancing in a contest.
People are standing on a railway platform reading newspapers.
White father and sun in blue wetsuits with boogie board in the water.
A lone skier goes down an empty hill under a blue sky.
A dirt bike tears up the terrain.
A little brown dog is running in the snow.
A couple of hikers cross a bridge.
A chipmunk stands on the edge of a field and road
Man does a trick flipping over several people lined up at a street fair.
A basketball player tries to aim for the goal while being blocked by other players.
Man wearing flashy gold shirt standing in apartment
One man doing breakdancing on his head with a silver helmet and another playing music while onlookers pass by
A guy on a skateboard about to do a trick
A man in a beret and thin mustache gestures to two women in conversation.
Various people seen through a subway window.
A woman in formal riding gear riding her horse on the beach.
Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volleyball
A dog nips at the leg of a horse.
Three women are smiling with paintings behind them.
Two large dogs running while a third watches.
A variety of folks in the back of a large wagon.
A man is diving into water near a shore.
Girl in school outfit atop a tree.
An older white man with a blue bucket painting a window cage.
A man sits at a computer and types.
A swimmer comes up above the surface of the water for air.
A group of men pulling a rope on a crag.
Three women and men selling their items in a cold winter day.
A motorcyclist riding covered head to toe with mud
The man is playing the acoustic guitar while the other men make gestures
Man in blue shirt smoking
A man standing looking at a book and a boy sitting and holding something.
A violinist and a singer perform in front of people.
Two girls standing inside of a wooden gate with one girl waving.
The motocross rider is jumping his dirt bike.
A maid in a white uniform sweeps the floor.
An older gentleman sits behind a control board.
A man about to hit a tennis ball with a racket.
A casually dressed man having a conversation with a man in a suit.
A man wearing an orange shirt hits a ball with a tennis racket.
Men working on a project.
The man sang a song while another man played guitar.
Several people are sitting on a roof in a Middle Eastern city.
A woman in a lavender tank top is selling kettle korn at a stand.
Group of black men loading luggage onto the top of a bus
A refrigerator is stuck in a bank of snow, and a man is skiing on it.
A parking lot filled with bikes and trikes.
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
A man speaking with two women.
A little black dog and a large brown dog are out in the snow.
Two people are sumo wrestling.
A large group of people are packed tightly into a train.
A boy on a snowboard leaps through the air.
A brown dog making a funny face while standing on a beach.
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.
A woman in jeans and a black jacket standing on the road in front of a white and red bus.
A dog and a chicken next to a building.
A dog running along beside a cow in a grassy field.
Three dogs race in the snow together.
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.
A man, in a blue shirt, lifts a weight bar.
A man skies on the snowy ground among trees.
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.
People in a pool and something just created a large splash.
A boy grinds a ledge on his skateboard.
A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass.
A woman appears to be struggling from lifting an object.
A motor-cross rider in red splashes through mud and rain with his motorcycle.
A group of musicians on stage playing music.
A yellow dog runs down a dirt path.
Two runners get ready to race on a track.
A motocross bike is being ridden along a woodland path.
A man with headlight gear is standing in a cave.
Two white dogs swim face to face in shady water.
A young boy is playing in the park with his mother.
Three people are standing on stage and two of the people watch the other person play the trumpet.
A black and white dog biting onto a chunk of ice.
An emergency worker directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy path.
Young girl in a pink shirt with toys all around her.
Young Asian students smile and present their new basketballs.
Rescue workers helping a person into a carry device, in a snowy area.
A woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market.
Several kids are sitting down and holding basketballs
A person on a bike leaps high in the air at a beach.
A man holds a baby who is holding eyeglasses.
The two young boys play in a puddle on a comfortable day.
Two men are untangling their nets on the dock.
The two men are playing Frisbee in a field.
Two fencers in gear fighting in a fencing class
The worker is standing on a ladder on a city sidewalk repairing the building with a large drill.
A man concentrates on his music, holding his violin.
An old man in white playing a saxophone as he sits on a stool.
A group of men are playing rugby.
A yellow plush toy costume on street event.
Guy in black uniform dribbling basketball away from guy in white uniform
A redheaded girl is in the bath with suds all over her chin.
Man in white shirt poses in front of white fence and large building.
Dogs are pulling a person on a sled in the snow.
A man in an orange snowsuit is on a dogsled in the snow.
People are gathering under colored lights in a large tent.
Several children running along with a woman.
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
Two dogs run across the grassy field.
A boy running through surf on a beach.
Man in colorful jersey and cap performs for crowd in urban area.
A man posing in front of a crowd on a busy street.
A man stands on his head in front of a crowd.
A dog is looking at a white swan swimming in a lake.
A dog runs headlong towards a hurdle.
A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day.
The man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue.
Young boy in a winter hat sliding down a snowy hill.
A man is playing a guitar in front of a brick wall.
A woman in a black coat with a camera on a tripod
A man sitting in front of a stage
A man is setting up a camera on a tripod while a woman stands in the background.
A man dancing on the street in front of a crowd.
A group lies in the snow while someone on a blue snow sled jumps over them.
Beautiful mountain scenery and a ski lift.
A black dog with a purple collar and a black leash runs in the grass.
A woman with dark hair working on some colorful fabric.
Gray dog with muzzle and with the #8 yellow striped identification is running.
A man playing a guitar and a man playing drums
A man is engulfed in flames while two movie crewmen supervise.
A man interviews a boy in a gathering of people.
A little girl in a pink jacket is in the middle of the frame.
A man and woman setup a camera.
A brown-haired man with glasses is wearing a burgundy hooded sweatshirt while sitting at a dinner table checking his cellphone.
A young girl plays with her dolls.
A black and white dog jumping in the snow.
A boy and a young woman in a headscarf make peace signs.
Multiple surfers are out in the ocean waiting for a wave.
Two men are racing in the water.
A woman pushes a stroller past a fence behind which some uniformed boys reach out.
A group of ladies playing cards
One person is sitting on a beach with a rainbow in the background.
A man in a blue shirt hikes through a nature trail.
A woman checks her progress on the read-out of a treadmill at the gym.
A man jumping off of some logs.
A man on the ground near a row of cars, and another man standing holding the first man's leg.
A man is walking through fire.
A brown and white dog walking in the snow near a fence.
A singer is singing into a microphone.
A little boy tells a secret to a little girl
Two young kids wearing winter coats play in the snow.
A girl in a black coat and red hat riding a red sled down a snowy hill.
Middle-aged man cleaning the fallen snow on the roof of his car with a broom.
A skier wearing white sunglasses is skiing down a snowy mountain very fast.
Mother and daughter going up town to go shopping
A mother is on her knees fixing her daughter's blue dress.
A group of five adults stand posing in front of buildings.
Two young men stand at a home's open front door on a snowy evening.
A boy toddler is holding a bat he is about to swing at a pinata.
Two guys with long hair standing in front of a window.
A man in a forest setting looks through a hollow piece of wood.
Two snowboarders in yellow and green are jumping in the air.
People watching at the arts in exhibition.
Three people are dressed in jade green, talking near a fence.
A little girl walks down the tree lined road.
A woman in a fur coat and hat is looking at flowers
A man is laying on a bed opening a package.
People in front of a beige five story building.
A group of people are running a race.
A bald man wearing a brown jacket stands in front of the Bryant Park newsstand while snow flurries fall on New York city.
The smiling woman stands in grass near a creek.
Two brown dogs wearing muzzles race through a grassy field.
Two women in orange jump up to block a volleyball shot at a volleyball match.
A volleyball player in an orange shirt jumps into the air to hit the ball.
A blue character sits in the stands at a sports event.
A brown dog holding a huge stick in its mouth running in the snow.
Two white standard poodles playing tug-of-war in the snow.
A man in a heavy coat makes repairs at a train station.
Two woman with black purses are looking at the back of a camera
Two boys are running in a metal barrel.
A boy run through a big wheel.
A German shepherd dog is running in the snow.
Man drawing a picture on a balcony overlooking a church.
Two men are working on the curb of a street.
An older woman sitting at a table in a restaraunt, holding a glass.
A clown in a black and white striped shirts is entertaining a young girl.
People playing in a snow-covered street.
A little girl in a striped dress has a pink scarf.
The guys are shooting hoops.
A man tries a trick shot in a small bowling alley while his friend watches.
Three dogs running in the dirt.
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.
A little boy is admiring a green sports car.
A participant in a dog sled race passes onlookers.
People stand on an icy street in the snow around a car.
A young girl with dark hair and a red bow smiles while embracing a young dark-haired boy.
Three window washers perform their job.
A brown squirrel jumps into the air in a snowy area.
A dog sled with two passengers travelling through the snow.
Cyclists compete in a race that takes them on a dirt mountain road.
An older man wearing a bright green, yellow, and red shirt holding a red accordion.
A man carves an ice block with a chainsaw.
Group of people gathered for a funeral on a beach.
Large black dog is pulling things around on a red sled.
A performance group is staged in one collective motion.
A brown and white dog stands on the sand to look at another dog.
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
The skier is leaning forward in the snow.
A kid looks at a snowboard while in the snow.
A man is lying down in the middle of a dirty alley.
Ballerinas dancing on a large stage under blue spotlights.
A dog in a harness pulling a pink carrier behind it on snow.
Three dogs run on wide, grassy, outdoor area.
The man is sitting on a stool playing the trombone.
A middle-aged woman, wearing an apron, carrying a container of ice cream and cones.
A young man juggles six black and white balls.
Guys in blue shirts are working on a car.
Man in bright yellow jacket and black pants riding a bicycle in snow by a roadway protected by a railing.
Many people climb on a ropes course outside.
A man, with rainbow hair, and a woman are yelling out the window of a limo.
A man is driving a red ATV up a rugged hill.
A little girl blows bubbles in a courtyard with a ship in the background.
Many dogs are shown in the grass.
People barely visible except for upraised arms.
People standing around watching monitors on the wall.
A girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch.
A girl leaps into the air in front of the ocean.
A group of people are walking in the fog toward a creepy house.
A young girl is rolling a giant snowball outside.
A person jogs on a waters edge in a red jacket and black pants.
A baby girl with a mouthful of cereal.
A man operates a small piece of equipment.
This man studies the controls while working with heavy machinery.
A child wearing a gray winter coat and blue snow boots is unhappy upon discovering their playhouse covered in snow.
A dog bounds into the water.
A man in a gray hat pushes some type of equipment over ice.
Tourists are gathering in front of a historic building in winter.
A white man wearing white and red swim trunks is jumping into a swimming pool.
A man gestures to two women while standing in a parking lot.
The woman wearing glasses is painting the face of the blond girl.
African American woman in blue shirt looks down at food.
Man in blue and white uniform shooting basketball being blocked by man in white and red.
A boy in a blue shirt runs while smiling.
Two little girls, one in green and one in purple, reading a book.
An individual adorned in white rides a motorcycle.
The young adults take a group shot of themselves.
Someone in a blue coat and white sneakers is airborne.
A young man with dreadlocks and a tied dyed shirt is doing tricks on his skateboard.
A chef uses a microphone as he opens the lid on a fresh dish of food.
The muzzled dog with the number eight races on the dirt track.
Two people stand next to a goat.
A snowboarder is jumping off a high stone wall.
A family deciding what to other at a restaurant
They are feeding the tortoise water and the baby boy is excited to see it.
An older woman adding spices to food she is preparing.
A group of people are hiking in the woods.
A leather dressed rodeo cowboy stars blankly, while people look on from outside the ring.
Two girls dressed up with sumo pants wrestling while people look on.
A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand.
Two dogs run through a grassy patch that is surrounded by trees.
A little kid plays on the equipment at the park.
A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
A person standing on stilts is bending over.
A guy is on the ground in a bullring near a half airborne white bull while another guy steps toward him.
Cyclist in snowy forest at night
A group of young children standing in a row leaning against a wall.
A family of six and three dogs taking a walk in the woods.
A blond dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.
A skateboarder performs a trick on a ramp.
A little girl in a purple coat stares at the fish at the market.
A bald eagle stands in shallow water.
An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man.
A lady on stilts on a sidewalk has spectators.
Two women stop to have their picture taken outside the chocolate factory.
A skier makes a jump with his skis crossed.
A mountain lion is leaping off of a rock.
Lady in black standing and smoking with another girl sitting on the steps.
Construction workers are using a machine at night.
An African woman dressed in traditional clothing is playing a drum.
Two white dogs running on ground covered with colorful fallen leaves.
Young red-haired man is playing an electric guitar.
A person is doing a back flip while other people and cars go by in the background.
Children are playing music outside.
People are gathered on a platform in water for a ceremony.
Adults stand around a classroom in Africa.
Two men hold a discussion on a street curb while a yellow taxi drives past a chaotic background of advertising.
African woman with child writes the alphabet on a chalkboard.
A group of men and one girl are standing in the street.
A person jumps a bicycle off a large dirt ramp.
People are having a conversation in the inner room of a ship.
Four Asian women pose for a picture.
A person in a red shirt on a skateboard.
Two people on cots watching the water at twilight.
A police officer leans against his motorcycle and watches the streets.
A snowboarder getting air at night.
A woman with pink hair is outside wearing a green coat and a scarf with hearts on it.
A man with a white hat on a scooter.
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
Two miners work in a large pit.
A woman standing in a group of people in an office like setting.
Two people (a man and a woman) leaning up against a building conversing
The young man is flying through the air on his green snowboard.
Two women are in a kitchen preparing vegetables in a wok.
A snowboarder flying through the air doing a trick on a snowy mountain.
Two men speak closely at a party.
A man is riding a bicycle down a road while being closely followed by a German shepherd and possibly a black Labrador as two younger men walk along the curb toward them.
A person is bowling at a colorful bowling ally.
A person wearing skis makes a jump over the snow.
A man selling creative balloons on the street.
A young woman works behind the counter at a juice bar.
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.
A black and white dog carries a huge stick on the green grass.
A father and infant son enjoying themselves at a pool.
A man in a helmet stands on the hood of a car on fire as people watch.
A dog is galloping on the beach.
A man in a white shirt is playing tennis in a field.
A man in a zippered jacket snowboarding.
A surfer goes up a wave of water.
A man rollerblading at a skate park.
A smiling man leaning to his right stands behind a smiling woman leaning to her left.
A woman carrying buckets in the mountains of the countryside.
Two people are riding bikes on a vacant street near the ocean.
A snowboarder flies through the air.
A guy cuts wood in little pieces in the snow.
Construction worker working on lumber wearing gloves.
A teenager chopping wood on a snow covered street with a another teenager running out to him.
Two young female floor hockey players fight over the ball.
A teenager with a purple bandanna around his neck plays the electric guitar and screams into a microphone.
A guy with a gray shirt and jeans is on stage singing with a microphone.
Three people are playing in a band.
A man stands next to a life saver.
A man playing guitar and signing next to a woman in a dress playing an instrument
A man in a gray shirt sings at a microphone.
A man in white pants plays the guitar, singing, as two other band members play along and dance.
A soccer player in a white shirt kicked a goal.
A team of breakdancers sets up along the side of a road in the city as many onlookers gather.
A man with four running dogs in nature.
A man is by a shopping cart with people walking on the street.
A man wearing a yellow sweatshirt carries a white cart on the sidewalk while another man carrying a backpack walks by.
A woman wearing a white jacket walks past a billboard that is advertising hamburgers.
A man in a green coat using a magnifying glass to read a book while sitting on a bench.
Two people smile underneath a large red flower and in front of a vine-covered wall.
A hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal.
Children are sleeping on mats on the floor.
A woman watches children swimming in a public pool.
A man has fallen asleep with his mouth open.
Man with cupcakes and coffee contemplating the statement "who are you?"
A man contorts his body as he plays baseball.
A boy in white shorts stands on a rusty tower.
A man with a ski mask, dressed all in black, plays guitar.
An ice hockey player takes water from a green bottle.
A group of men in different color attire are running a marathon.
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
A white and brown cat bats at a frayed string dangling in front of him
A crowd of people are standing on a snow covered hill watching the sun go down.
One boy skateboarding on a rail and three boys watching.
A group of people race across a grass field.
Eight men and women are posed with arms outstretched in a step fashion.
A large bird swooping down towards the ground.
Father and daughter are playing in a shallow area of a lake together.
Two kids walk up the sidewalk with their backpacks.
A brown dog digs in the sand happily.
Several people are talking with doctors in a room.
Three women are running with numbers on their chest.
An Asian man is talking on his cellphone in his cubicle at work.
A dog is chewing on a metal pole.
A man is standing in front of a chalkboard pointing at diagrams
A young woman in a yellow shirt runs across a grassy field in competition.
Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog.
A woman kissing a man in an orange shirt and brown jacket on the cheek.
A man is sweeping the street in front of a tree.
A man and wife stand at the alter as they get married.
A cyclist is being photographed whilst doing a jump off a ramp.
A heron is flying through the air near foliage.
Three people are posing on the side of a mountain.
A young child wearing a white coat playing a children's gold game.
A child and a man walking in the sand.
A man, woman, and child sit and eat food outdoors.
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
A woman sits on a carpeted floor with a baby.
A group of men drink at a bar and talk.
A skier in red pants is on a snow covered slope.
A boy is waiting outside a window with bars.
A man in a red jacket and hat talks to another man.
A mom holding her child on a red sofa while they are both having fun.
A young girl is playing on a forest log.
Child playing in waves with sun on the horizon.
The boat with passengers gets lifted out of the water by a large cable.
Two people in an orange race car.
A small white and black dog chasing a slightly larger brown dog in a grassy area.
A man in orange is holding up a bicycle near a crowd.
There are a lot of people crowded around a blue sign.
A woman and a man ride bikes across a city street.
Brown and white dog plays with blue ball in blue water-filled shell.
A man twirling a flaming baton.
A group of women are sitting around a table working with yarn in a crowded room.
Two men, one wearing a blue pinstriped shirt, singing karaoke
The white and brown dog are playing in the dead grass.
A grayhound dog is sprinting.
The skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches.
A small dog runs through the grass.
A skateboarder in the air at the top of ramp.
A blond woman is sitting under a turkey farm canopy.
A man with a name tag that says "Jim" is knitting.
A ski jumper is in the air.
A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field.
A young person playing in the snow with two black dogs.
Two young boys wearing matching New York Giants outfits are playing with laundry.
A dalmation runs along the beach.
Three people wearing blindfolds with a Greenpeace sign hanging in the background.
Young men are playing soccer on a beach.
Seven children sitting near a person with a black flowered outfit.
Woman in white dribbling basketball.
A man in a blue pinstriped suit is reading a newspaper while smoking a cigar
A group of people cheering and having a good time.
A black horse with a white on his forehead and nose, running.
There is a crowd of people on stage raising their hands in the air.
A man in green kick a soccer ball while a man in purple and white is falling down.
This man is doing a stunt on a skateboard outdoors.
A trio of guitarists, dressed all in black, play their instruments.
A woman riding on a children's toy.
People watch as something lights up the sky.
A man crossing an intersection and others are walking
A black woman in winter clothes standing in a building entry.
A man sitting on a crate plays the guitar.
A boy takes a nap as his mother carries him on her back.
A young child with a red belt does a demonstration.
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting in a ring.
Two sumo wrestlers fighting in a match
A white lady in colorful dress drinking out of a glass.
Two children hang from a low tree branch
A group of people sitting and standing around at night wearing costumes.
Children wearing black and white are performing.
An older man having his beard shaved by a younger man in front of a crowd of people in a lecture hall.
A bike rider in the air above a ramp.
A tan dog runs through a field with his ears flying in the air
A boy and a person off-camera playing a card game.
The skateboarder wearing jeans and a white shirt performs a trick.
A man on a half pipe doing a skateboard trick.
There are two woman on horseback.
The basketball player is dropping the basketball into the net.
A basketball player dribbles the ball while another blocks him and an official looks on.
Craftsman is working with wood and a nail gun.
Children sit in front of a computer while their teacher instructs them.
A woman holds a baby and smiles for the picture.
A woman in a white sweater is walking past shops along the sidewalk.
A young couple do yoga positions in front of a torii gate.
A woman is holding a wooden frame in pool of water, which is in a snowy place, and there are 2 more half-naked men behind her in the pool.
A basketball player with a ball and defenders.
A group of men standing around with a woman in Japan.
A young boy playing the piano.
Two black males are posing for a picture with winter clothes on.
A tractor decorated as a float for a parade
A smiling man wearing glasses holds a crying baby to his face.
Three race dogs run to finish a race.
A group of Asian children are part of an audience sitting on blue benches.
A brown and black dog fetching a blue toy.
An elderly man wearing a white top-hat dances with his wife at a gathering.
Surfer is in the middle of a huge wave.
A boy in brown is running on a dirt road.
A man breakdances on his head in the middle of the dance floor.
Two men are sitting on black leather chairs, and one of them is holding up a caffeine free Coca-Cola.
A gentleman pouring a glass of wine for a lady.
A woman in wearing a white hat holding a scythe and a cutting of wheat.
A man is admiring art in a museum.
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
Large group of people standing outside of a building.
A group of climbers in silhouette stare towards the sun over the mountaintops.
A boy sits inside a shopping cart.
An indigenous man standing on the beach laughing at the photographer taking the picture.
A man jumps his dirt bike at night.
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
Some people in building as seen from the street at night.
A man is dumping a black garbage can full of junk into a machine.
A single person rowing a small boat on a lake.
The black dog jumps out of the snow to catch an object.
A child in a white shirt and hat is climbing.
A small white and black dog jumping over a big brown couch.
A man hands a child to another man as they exit a boat
A group of four people is walking down a snowy street.
A lone snowboarder jumping in the air doing a trick.
The surfer is coming in from riding a big wave.
A group of men, women and children.
A woman in a puffy red jacket poses for a picture at an ice skating rink.
Group of adults sitting in a circle at a meeting.
A man in a black winter jacket and red shirt stands over a snowy slope with the mountains as his background.
Three men singing with two microphones.
A crowd shouting outside a building waving American flags.
A logger cutting down a large tree trunk in barren woods.
A roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home.
A rodeo guy in a red shirt rides a bucking bronco.
A woman in a blue jacket is getting a cigarette outside.
A baby in a white and light purple outfit crying.
A single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans, and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles.
A man in a Texas Longhorns hat, uses a nail gun on a roof.
A man romantically kissing a woman on a park path.
A group of synchronized swimmers.
Boy jumping in the air with a skateboard.
A German shepherd is running through the snow.
A crowd of people stands in front of a large building with bleachers in front of it.
A person stands in a vast field of melting snow.
Two firemen, dressed in uniforms, are walking out of the firetruck onto the sidewalk.
The young adults are standing outside their school.
Woman in red kneels to help sitting bride put on her shoe.
A man surfs over a huge wave in the ocean.
Two skiers getting ready to jump off of a ski lift.
The bride's side of a wedding party.
The man is riding a large wave on a surfboard.
A bride getting ready with her bridesmaids wearing red.
The gymnast does a flip over the bar.
There is a woman carrying a ball and is smiling.
A man in a camouflage jacket pulling a little girl in a light purple jacket with pink beanie on a sled through the snow with an ATV.
Three school-aged children in uniforms jumping rope
Young man flipping off of something into a body of water.
White, long-necked bird with yellow legs flies over water.
Two guys pose with two women, everyone is wearing black and white.
A little girl sitting in the snow
Three young girls, who look like sisters, are all holding pink and blue baseball gloves and a baseball.
A person drawing Chinese characters with his feet.
Two men at the beach twirl sticks with fire at the ends.
A skier going goes down the mountain.
A slalom skier wearing red pants and black shirt is skiing past a red flag.
A skateboarder performs a stunt.
A young woman in a plaid jacket and face mask drives a passenger on a scooter.
A couple taking a wedding photo with their wedding party.
An asian woman holding an asian baby that is reaching toward the camera.
A man looking through a telescope at something far below him.
Four people and a dog are on the edge of the shore.
A passionate, beautiful, young couple ready to dance.
Several people dressed in red are sitting and standing on grass.
Men in suits and ties walking downsteps
Musicians play near a concrete wall.
A large man, in a jacket and hat, is holding something up to his ear.
A man smiles as he sits in a bubble bath wiggling his toes in front of the camera.
These people are having a good time.
A person wearing jeans and a coat jogs on a sidewalk.
An older man walking on a grass sports field.
A boy wearing a red shirt is splashed by water.
A photo of a Volvo dealership at night with two people surrounded by orange cones.
A man power washes steps by a large swimming pool.
A person wearing an orange coat is walking during dark hour.
A little girl sitting in a chair holding a cellphone to her ear.
Many people run down a street in a marathon race, as onlookers watch.
Several people are standing and chatting in a room with many empty chairs.
The black dog playfully bites the yellow dog near the furniture.
A dog is running across a desert with bushes around him.
Old man taking a stroll along the beautiful rolling green hills.
A woman plays with long red ribbons in an empty square.
A large crowd of people ice skating outdoors.
A group of people are in a large raft on choppy water.
Five women wearing scarves on their heads are talking.
A girl sits on an ad and checks her phone; another girl waits.
Two men in a group of people looking down at something.
A woman is holding two fans, one black, one red, and is wearing making with a red dress.
The woman with blond-hair is posing with a large ax.
A woman with long brown hair is standing outside in the snow holding a harp.
A young boy is holding a paper, which says "Radeo", above his homemade radio.
A dog laying down on a green cushion.
Man in a blue coat holding a sign.
Two men are wrestling while other people are watching
Cheerleaders, wearing blue shirts and black shorts, dancing in a gym.
Four girls in blue perform on a basketball court in front of a crowd.
A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
A lady with kind eyes and long brown hair is holding an ax by a tree.
A man surfs on a huge green wave.
A vendor cooking food there are two red gas cans with food lined up ready to sell.
Men wearing aprons work in the kitchen.
A newlywed wife is under an umbrella held by a pastor.
Four people and a dog play in the snow.
A black dog and small white and black dog look up at a kitchen countertop.
2 woman next to a table selling various stuff
A driver gets high in the air with his motorbike.
Several people play and relax on the beach.
The man in the black jacket is walking past the dilapidated doorways.
Two brown dogs play in the snow.
A man wearing suspenders performs a split in midair.
A person is carrying a snowboard across deep snow.
A closeup picture of a man and a woman.
A busy urban street full of people.
A tribal couple are standing posing for a picture and the man is holding a rifle on his shoulder.
An African walks through a field.
African people in tribal wear in a desert.
A military group stands at attention.
A man stands on a street corner with a small child looking at a sign.
A woman in a white and orange dress dances with a man.
Their backs to the camera and under artificial lighting, three men stand at a food counter.
People from an African tribe are gathered outside.
An African woman walks away from grass looking huts in a village carrying a back in her left hand.
A man is riding a bike along a dirt trail.
African people walk by a teal colored building in the desert.
A man in jeans and a t-shirt loading something into a trailer.
A woman with a Nike hat hard at work.
A woman walks down a busy street carrying papers.
A dog is walking in a tire track in the snow.
Two women are shopping for glassware outside a store.
A man wearing a helmet is doing a stunt with his BMX bike.
A woman is rolling fresh tortillas.
This young man is wearing a black cap and gown, and he is holding onto his cap.
A man dressed as Santa sitting on a chair playing a banjo.
A white kid with blue shorts about to hit a tennis ball with a racket.
A man in a green shirt is fixing a bicycle chain
An elderly man sits on a rooftop holding a hammer.
Two adults and a small child pose outside a dwelling.
A young man shows his excitement at an outdoor event at night.
A woman walks with her big purse.
Two men, who are twins, are wearing matching black shirt and are about to fight.
A woman wearing a head covering holding an infant
A woman does a handstand on a glossy floor while two others stand nearby.
A guy with a lady bug costume on.
A man is holding a microphone while her performs with his band.
A crowd of people standing in trees.
A family walks up stone steps in a park with greenery all around.
A person scuba diving in a kelp forest.
Woman laughing as she is being licked by a brown dog.
A blond woman and bald man sitting together.
A woman is smiling at the bearded man sitting in the lawn chair next to her.
A parent helping their child walk in the snow.
A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach.
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
A snowboarder slides along a ramp over a snowy gap.
A man is sitting on top of a mountain.
A person stands next to a rock monument with his hand near his head.
A woman jumps a hurdle on a track.
A man with a chainsaw is carving wood into a statue of a man.
A girl in a purple shirt holds a pillow.
Water is spraying on the child with its face through a cut out hole.
A person is walking in the water with a net.
A muscular man in a Speedo and a curvy blond in a bikini walk together at the beach.
Two dogs in striped sweaters fight in the snow.
A man standing by a boat at a dock surrounded by rocky terrain and water and two other boats.
Two people heading down the water flow, kayaking.
A young child with blond-hair, wearing a blue shirt and jeans is walking in the woods.
A woman playing an acoustic guitar with a microphone
A college student is discussing while wearing a pair of goggles, as if he is a scientist.
A family posing by the mantle and christmas tree.
In pool surrounded by plants, one smiling girl with a bucket splashes another girl.
Two men are walking down a wet alleyway.
Two young ladies are sitting on a small be in skimpy dresses.
A little girl is sitting on a bench with her arms folded.
A cyclist is performing a jump over a white railing.
A man is doing a trick with a sword and allowing the sword into his throat.
A brown dog is carrying a stick in his mouth across an ice covered pond.
A man with a red helmet in the mountains
A boy sitting on a dinosaur chair holding a blue object.
A wrestling match just ended and the loser is upset.
Three dogs are running around in the snow.
A brown dog is jumping in the air.
A group of smiling teenagers sits at a table while playing a board game.
A man wearing an Indian vest playing the drums.
There are two people walking in the sand.
A group of men running in a field.
The black and tan dog is laying down with the smaller dog jumps over his back.
Three dogs running in the snow.
A man in a blue shirt taking a nap.
People clap while two women play a game.
A blond boy wipes his nose on his light blue shirt.
A young child with green goggles leans on a step.
Three men dressed in centurion costumes are sitting in front of the building.
Black-haired mature woman sits next to a table of produce.
Three men are working construction at night on a street.
A boy throwing the stick with fire.
A man in a red top and hat playing what seems to be a musical instrument.
Cheerleaders dressed in red and black hold two cheerleaders above their heads.
A little boy in red stands on top of a rock with a smile and outstretched arms.
A lady tango dancer in red, finishing her routine.
A dance couple dancing on a dance floor with strobe lights flashing.
People are talking and visiting on a bus.
A dog is about to catch a treat in his mouth.
A large, black dog is practicing attacking a culprit on a uniformed man.
A boy wearing a blue helmet rides a bike with his feet on the handlebars.
A female patent at a hospital sticking out her tongue.
A group of five men are standing in the middle of a room that is crumbling and abandoned.
A woman walks outdoors near a canal.
A young child is trying to balance on a bench in the park.
A young man jumping on a red railing
A blond-haired lady is sitting at a desk with a yellow map hanging on the wall.
A man is looking over a small cliff.
Children play in grass at a crowded outdoor festival.
Campers sitting by the edge of the water.
A man holds a pro Judea protest sign at a protest rally
Two men dressed as Santa Clause performing in a park.
Three little boys play in a large snow covered field
A group of people be getting their party on.
Three smiling people and two others not facing the camera standing outside of a shack at night.
Here are a bunch of people enjoying dinner and chatting.
A woman wearing a scarf is talking to a man wearing glasses.
Man in brown shirt on sunny street, a crowd in background
Four girls are jumping up and down on the sand near the ocean.
A bird splashing around in a stream.
A man and woman place birthday candles on a cake.
A woman seated at a table in front of cake.
One man and two women having a lively conversation at a party.
Two men and a woman interact at a table.
A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field.
Two birds interacting in the grass
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
Two old men stand near a table in a McDonalds.
A man and a girl walking on the beach, orange sunset behind.
A man is squatting on the ground.
Two men are performing martial arts, they are dressed in white and one man has his leg between the legs of the other man.
A man is talking on his cellphone in a city.
Man with a beard in a gray shirt looking in mirror and shaving his head.
This man is dressed in all white.
Eight middle-aged couples dance and six other people mingle on the dance floor as a three man band consisting of a guitar, banjo, and accordion play on a stage.
A boxer leaps in the snow.
A group of people surround a bunch of inflatable pink stars.
A man and a woman posing in front of a christmas tree.
A kid is coming out of a tube slide and is about to hit the sand.
Two large seagulls are in the water.
A soldier and religious clerics examining and laying out prayer rugs.
Man in uniform sharing something with a group of children.
A man in black swim trunks diving into the water
Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
A person throws an object as a furry dog jumps to chase it.
A shaggy dog dusted with snow licks its nose.
A male child in a winter coat on a round blue sled in the snow.
Four people laughing and sitting on a couch.
A large group of church choir singers on a balcony.
A man wearing green in a recording studio.
Two men sitting in office chairs looking at an image on a large screen in front of them.
A bearded man holding a sign.
A man wearing a Enrolling Stones t-shirt plays on his Yamaha keyboard.
People standing inside a building watching intently.
The little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk.
People are outside at night.
A group of woman hold each other up to catch a ball.
A person performing a snowboarding trick on a high mountain.
A man is standing in front of a motor-scooter holding up a picture.
Music is being put together in a studio.
A White man is playing a guitar in a recording studio.
A man in a black shirt is sitting in a chair.
A balding man in a black Enrolling Stones T-shirt reads a book.
A musician holding a guitar videotapes some action.
Three men with matching shirts, pants and hats and a man in robe are in a room.
A dog with a ball in its mouth sitting outside.
A young child is sledding down a snowy hill on a red sled.
A bike rider jumping the hill on his bicycle.
A little boy runs away from the approaching waves of the ocean.
A girl bending backwards holding her hat.
A girls soccer game with one team in pink, the other in light blue.
An asian man is peering through a shop window.
A photographer is sitting on his camera case at the beach.
A woman runs outside in a blue coat.
Three people are near a tree and the woman touches one of the men's faces.
A little boy in yellow clothing running towards a blue house.
Two women dressed with scarves over their heads look angrily at the photographer.
A brown dog is bringing back a buoy from the ocean.
A man is carrying a plate of food at a street vendor.
Someone is surfing a giant wave.
A couple of african children are wearing balloon hats, and are gazing at something.
A group of children are sitting on a wall.
Four kids next to a blue house are walking down a street.
The man is standing on the corner playing music.
Two women with head garb looking at each other in a public area.
A man and a small boy sit and rest against a stone wall.
Two male wrestlers in the midst of a match.
An Asian boy cheers as he plays bumper bowling.
A motorcyclist speeding along a road on a green Kawasaki sport motorcycle.
A bicycle rider jumps off a ramp.
A man sits in the foreground, and a woman with a drink is in the background.
A giant billboard of a man's abs
A basketball player in the air about to make a shot.
A woman wearing a hat pointing into the distance.
A man with sunglasses and a beanie hat is holding a small child.
A man leads a group of children in a line outside of a home.
A man holds up an orange starfish while standing chest deep in the ocean.
Two men sailing in a motorized raft-type boat.
A child playing with bubbles and walking.
Boy making a muscle holding paper that says Easter egg hunt.
People in a room with blue paint and a door above their heads.
Little girl eating a sucks between two cars.
Crouched on a rock, a man watches the calm waters of the ocean.
A bearded man is riding a bicycle on the beach.
Two young girls with headscarves stand near a door while one reads a book.
Two young children are playing with toys.
A person on a yellow snowboard does some tricks in the snow.
A little boy in a red jacket exploring a rocky terrain.
A man takes a nap on the sidewalk in a busy city.
A wrestler throws another wrestler to the ground.
A boy doing a bike trick is in midair waiting to come back down.
Two toddlers are sitting in a colorful playpen.
A young child walks along a lake with a large white tent nearby.
People enjoying a meal together during the holidays.
A snowboarder is silhouetted against the sun as they leave the ground.
A girl in colorful clothes on the beach
The man passing the door is wearing a white shirt and black running pants with white stripes down the side.
A man opening the back driver side door of his parked vehicle along a sandy road.
Group of people sitting on the beach with a bucket of clams.
A street musician is playing drums in a tunnel.
An infant with dark hair getting bathed in a small sink filled with soapy water.
Person in the midst of a ramp jump.
A child wearing a shirt decorated with Elmo's face holds a red ukulele.
A toddler in a red jumpsuit stands atop a present.
A boy blows out a candle on a cake with a penguin labeled "Happy Birthday, Quinn."
A toddler is putting an ornament on a Christmas tree.
A small boy is sitting in a car at a ride.
A toddler wearing an Elmo t-shirt is standing in Santa's sleigh.
A small child visiting with someone dressed as a Disney character.
Santa and Mrs. Klaus are posing with one little child.
A happy child with an Elmo shirt in the back of a car.
Two young boys cooking in a kitchen.
A young male child in a yellow shirt being fed a banana.
Child playing soccer on a field.
An african america women in a leaping stance with her arms spread open and pyramid like structures behind here
Two little boys running from a lake with ducks
An older lady is sitting next to a bookshelf while trying to entertain a young child.
Child in red during christmas looking at Toy Story toys.
A brown-haired woman is holding a baby boy wearing a shirt with Reindeer on it and a chef's hat.
A kid with a green bucket over his or her head.
A blond headed toddler walking with a red piece of paper in hand.
Two women look at the camera smiling sitting in chairs.
A blond-haired kid in a red shirt riding a ride.
A man in a costume entertains four kids.
Boy in red pajamas with penguins and snowflakes on them playing a Pokemon card game.
A child is holding up a broom in front of a christmas tree.
A man in a blue shirt is tossing a football.
A boy wearing a green, blue and gray jacket while loading a rifle.
A lady in brown sweater holding a couple of dirty bowls in her left hand.
A kid is sitting on a fallen tree.
Someone is snowboarding down a hill, shredding snow.
A collie jumping over a white obstacle.
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
Several people rock hiking with backpacks and walking sticks.
Two horse riders and three walkers are going down a dusty path.
A man is catching air while snowboarding.
The man is on a ski boat in the water.
A man in a blue shirt addresses a crowd.
A breakdancer displays an impressive handstand in a heavily graffiti tagged room.
Teenagers play in shopping carts of a rooftop.
Two people who are making there way between rocks.
Two people are standing outside a store on a city street.
People standing at carnival game of balloons and stuffed animals on wall.
Many people playing colorful carnival games.
A group of four boys plays with mud in the water and grass.
Three Asian people are playing musical instruments.
Two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera.
A sledder gets a face full of snow on a slope.
A woman sitting at a table outside of a store that says parking in the window.
A gray egret takes flight.
A person dancing is doing a dance move where there whole body is off the ground except for one hand
Two young women surfing the internet in a cafe
A man in blue at an arcade is playing a fishing game.
People at an indoor carnival featuring a game with large stuffed animals as prizes.
A young girl skiing down a mountain.
A oriental person rowing a boat, full of vegetables, down a river.
There is a picture of a green, white, black, and red flag.
The woman places a ball into the jumping dog's mouth.
A woman holds a new baby wearing yellow in an old photograph.
Two people stand looking at a light sculpture at night.
A snowboarder rides his board off a graffiti covered wall at night.
The SMU basketball player drives to the basket.
Several different colored dogs running in a snowy field
A boy playing in a mud puddle.
A woman in the bathroom in her pajamas
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
Two white dogs play together on a slightly snowy patch of green grass.
A lone person standing on a cliff watching the gulls.
Two tan dogs play in the snow.
Inside a bar there are people with red shirts.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt, behind a woman in red, looks to the left.
A man playing a game on his computer.
Someone is skiing down a step snowy hill.
Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant.
Girls, who are all dressed in dresses, dance in a dark room.
Four people posing for a picture
A man in a red shirt stands with two woman wearing white and smiles.
The little boy in the blue shirt is surrounded by cheerleaders.
A small boy is sitting on a step while a grill smokes in the background.
A man is jumping into the surf.
Four women are standing on their hands on a gym floor, wearing the same outfits.
Girls in black dresses dancing at the disco.
Man in red t-shirt posing with two young women and three beer bottles.
An older couple discusses a vegetable.
A person in a white helmet strapped into a yellow car
A young child and a dog are playing in the snow.
Brown dog with white mark in chest and black collar going over a limb on ground.
A person skis down a forested hill.
There are 2 shirtless boys jumping up from some water looking at a soccer ball.
The two men are playing cricket in a stadium.
A snowboarder in a green jacket catches some air.
A man in sandals sits down while reading the newspaper outside.
A man and a woman are sitting together in the dark, looking ahead at a city view in the distance.
Three people are in the snow.
Two women are riding bicycles down a dirt road.
A woman and a man pose with Groucho Marx disguises.
Three women are sitting on a bench and talking.
A group of dancers wearing black spandex are dancing in a studio.
A skateboarder is flying through the air on a red skateboard.
The dog stands on something while the snowfalls around him.
The man and woman are posing with fake glasses and moustaches.
A young child playing with his toy trains.
Small boy in green Christmas pajamas holding a box.
A young boy in green pajamas playing with a toy at Christmas.
A young child in a striped shirt unwrapping a gift.
A little boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in.
A couple and their child pose for a picture in front of a Christmas tree.
A little boy in a orange with gray shirt and khaki pants playing in the leaves.
A blond headed little boy in a tub pouring water on himself with a yellow cup.
A boy leaping to catch a flying Frisbee.
Two children sitting on a deer statue for a photo.
Several people are playing twister at some type of event.
A boy in green Christmas pajamas is opening his present.
A toddler works a colorful puzzle.
A man wearing a jungle hat is trekking with his guide in the wilderness.
A golden retriever runs through grass carrying a dog toy.
A little boy wearing khaki pants showing a man his candy cane filled with candy.
The baby boy is playing the snow.
A young boy is playing with toy tools and wearing a name tag.
A young child is holding a red toy hammer.
A woman in a black wetsuit surfs in bad weather.
Two men in blue jackets are sitting on a concrete stoop.
A boy walking around the base of his house which in made of stones in his bare feet.
Three bikers pedal up a forest trail.
A man in a brown sweater and a woman smile for their video camera.
An Arabic man walking his three camel's through the desert.
Two men dressed in orange robes cross a busy city intersection filled with cars, trucks, and motor vehicles.
A white dog walking in the snow.
A lonely skier enjoys the slopes on a beautiful day.
A mountain biker is riding on a woodland path.
A group of four adults are standing together around a pile of goods.
Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.
Two men look like they are playing with boxes in a mall.
A roller-blader grinds a rail at an indoor skate park.
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass.
A brown dog runs down a snow-covered path.
There are four snow skiers going down the side of a hill.
Four construction workers are working on metal beams.
Two men are cooking food together on the corner of the street.
There are kids playing while adults are sitting on a bench.
The young boy sleds down the hill in the snow.
Five children sledding down a snow-covered street.
Several people take pictures with tripods in the snow.
Two dogs are playing catch in a field.
A group of five individuals, many of them children, standing on a hill observing a small animal.
A boy swings his tennis racket at a tennis ball.
A group of women in red shirts singing together.
A woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant.
Five men wearing turbans are riding on elephants a far eastern city street.
A snowboarder takes a ramp made of snow while others watch.
Boy in a green jacket and a girl in red playing video games.
Man with cup looking up while riding on an escalator
A woman with short brown hair and glasses laughs with a brunette man in a brown shirt.
A group of people walking through a wooded park.
An Asian couple have rose petals tossed at them by a woman.
A group of soldiers is standing together wearing all their gear.
Man in yellow tank top with friend in white shirt check the grill.
A violin player uses an old chair as a music stand
An elephant draped in red, blue and gold fabric walking on a stone path.
Two women are on the floor laughing.
A girl wearing a green jumpsuit and goggles with a beautiful sunset in the background
Two guys jumping in the air in a room.
Two young girls play in a kitchen at nighttime.
A group of children playing in a stream
A man in a wetsuit is surfing up and over a wave.
A group wearing white pose for a picture.
A shirtless man is on a blue raft, which is located next to a yellow raft, which is filled with cargo.
A dog laying on the edge of a white chair
Man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys.
A silhouette of a figure parachuting at sunset.
A little girl with a backpack sitting down looking at a book.
A photographer in a yellow jacket takes photos of a bikini clad blond woman.
A female skier in a green with pink flowers hat skiing.
A white and brown dog is running over grass.
A group of African children are dressed in colorful clothes.
Two dogs are running through the grass.
A baby is held by an adult and is sitting on a table at a coffee shop.
A red vehicle outside of a construction zone.
A small child runs along the grass smiling.
An older man dressed in a suit is standing behind a gold-fringed podium in front of a microphone.
Men in Darth Wader and robot costumes are walking on the road.
Three dogs playing with a Frisbee in the snow.
A family sits, works, and talks in the kitchen.
Men using the slot machines in casino atmosphere.
Two people run in the sand at the beach.
Three women and a man are drinking beer at a table.
Two men are standing by a railing, while posing for a picture.
A man with a helmet is using an ATM.
The man is wearing a blue sweater and is barefoot on a court.
A referee stops a hockey fight.
A man and a woman are standing in the ocean kissing.
Two men sell paraphernalia like condoms with Obama images on them.
A man is riding a trails bicycle on a dirt track through rough terrain.
A group pf people and their pets walk down a train track
A group of women share a meal in someone's home.
A man spending time with his toddler son, who is holding a white cup.
A lone skier wearing a red backpack stumbling down a snowy mountain
A man in a sweatshirt holds a hammer and smiles.
Three people walk on the rocks near the water.
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the yard.
A woman holding a young boy in a day care center.
Two children in red lay on the floor.
A toddler lays half on a mattress and half on the floor.
Two women joking around are caught on camera.
Three men are playing a game of basketball
A dog reaches to catch a ball with its mouth.
A snowboard rider jumping high on his snowboard in the snow.
Snowboarder in air while wearing yellow spike cap.
A dog is shaking itself dry on the beach next to the ocean.
The brown and white dog is standing up on its hind legs.
The number five Miami player dribbles down the court.
Miami basketball player number 33 dribbles the ball.
A basketball player preparing to shoot the ball
A man is skiing in midair.
A woman with reddish hair talking to an old man by the waterside and beside a bench.
The brown dog is gnawing at something in the snow.
A snowboarder is leaping of a jump in the mountains.
Two black dogs playing fetch with a red toy
A man, wearing a black exercise suit, is jumping in the air doing the splits. Located on the top of a mountainside, a city is shown in the background.
The older woman smiles as she holds up a hammer.
A little boy is sitting in front of a fireplace next to a Ginger bread house.
Two old men are having a conversation.
A woman, man, and a little baby is riding a scooter.
A city worker cleaning the cracks in a walkway.
A woman sitting on a bus with a paper bag hanging on a carrier
Three men in white coats is watching a fourth man pipe frosting into cookies.
A young girl runs barefoot on a beach
Employees working the registers at a grocery store.
A woman in black jumps in the air at the beach.
A kid wearing a life jacket in a swimming pool.
A group of five female children reason outdoors.
Young man in a gray sweatshirt playing a guitar video game.
Two small children are talking in a field in front of a yellow caution tape.
A boy tries to take a stick from a small, brown dog.
Two dogs standing in the grass, one is running.
A white dog running on the beach.
A dog with a sleeve in its mouth of a coat a man is wearing.
A woman in yellow scrubs is sitting in a hospital, holding a child that is sick.
A happy child is getting a helping hand out of the box of nerf balls.
A man stands in the street outside of scaffolding.
A man in a blue canoe navigates in a wetland with tall palm fronds.
A man in sailor whites talks to a person seated on the ground.
A man and woman are gazing at each other on a balcony inside a building.
A snowboarder flies off a huge jump.
The two dogs are running toward the camera.
A dog stands on a beach at sunset.
Two people in the middle of a dirt bike race.
A man in traditional attire plays the bagpipes.
A toddler is playing with a little red sprinkler.
An elderly man looks down and smiles.
A woman with a red shirt is reading sheet music and playing the harp.
The four guys are being shown an iron board.
Two men walking at an amusement park one is pushing a stroller the other is carrying a stuffed animal.
A woman climbing a rocky cliff.
A basketball player holds the ball during a game.
A middle eastern family walks down the street.
A tan dog running through the grass with the background blurry
A man sets off a large sparkler while the crown watches on.
Two boys are sitting in a green kayak on the grass.
A boy eating beside a wooden house surrounded by trees.
A child in red shorts playing in a fountain.
A man in a black shirt stands next to a tent.
A man is wearing a black knit "Paris" hat and a navy blue shirt on the side of the street.
A man in a hat and purple apron leaning on a metal pizza rack.
A basketball player is looking up and set to throw the ball.
A woman picking up a child from the floor
A man in black rides a bicycle across the street while another walks holding a dog.
A crowd of people sit outside in a public square.
A woman in blue rows a canoe type boat loaded with plants.
A man in a white jersey is slam dunking a basketball.
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
A woman in a coat reclines next to a pay phone.
A black and white dog is running through the water while holding something red in its mouth.
A male and a female dancing on a stage.
A group of people jump in the air at the shore of a sandy beach.
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
A black and white dog with a stick in its mouth is swimming.
Brown and white dog trotting with brown object falling nearby.
The red-haired woman in the black dress has her arms around a man in white.
Three women pose for a picture together.
The lady is wearing a black coat, gloves, and boots.
A man is catching a girl who jumped into his arms
An Oriental man, wearing a white shirt and apron is cooking.
A woman sitting in a restaurant talking on her cellphone.
Two young girls dressed in winter clothes play in a mound of snow.
A woman and a baby waiting with luggage
A baby with a pink outfit on has a pacifier, and she is on a chair with another woman.
A baby touching a woman's face.
Two women sitting next to each other one is holding a baby and the other is showing her bracelet.
Kids play in the snow while parents watch
A man in an elf hat holding a white umbrella is standing on the sidewalk with two other men.
A person laying on the ground below some stairs.
A crowd of people containing some people who are smiling and some who are taking photographs.
An old man and a baby in red.
Two babies sitting on a playmat reaching for something
A group of people going for a hike.
A woman in jeans is preparing to throw a bowling ball down the bowling alley.
Little girl in an orange shirt holding a paper bag.
A woman in a back and white dress walking away.
A man tucks in a sheet on the bed.
Five girls wearing school uniforms walk around on a flat rock near a lake as a man in the background sits on the shore.
A man wearing red socks playing running with some other men
An asian man with an asian kid with a balloon around his head.
Two young boys wearing jackets frolic in a large field.
Two young boys standing in a kitchen with hardwood floors.
Person doing a skateboard trick in midair.
Several people are crowded together in a room with three large fans over them.
A woman is showing her art to people.
A black and white dog is jumping through a field of brown grass.
A skier about to go down the mountain.
A woman with a vacant expression throws a football as a man in a gray shirt looks at his phone.
A man is sliding along a green barrier on his snowboard.
A girl in a white sweater and blue jeans typing a paper on a laptop.
A Hispanic woman and man in ceremonial dress dance down the street.
Two men and two women hold gold plates behind their heads.
Three women are posing for a photo in front of a christmas tree
Two young girls pose smiling for a picture with a Christmas tree behind them.
A young woman whisking eggs in a glass measuring cup.
A performer wearing stilts, which are covered by her white pants, is walking in a parade.
A woman in a gray shirt pouring a clear drink into a glass.
Several people read by a campfire at night.
Children are dressed in black and white costumes.
A woman in a park stands with her arm up in the air.
A boy in sports themed pajamas is in front of a Christmas tree.
A train approaches in a dimly lit subway.
A basket vendor walking down a busy city street.
A person on stage with a light show in pink and blue.
An old man and a young woman embrace on a couch.
A child is holding onto her mother on a sled in the snow.
Two men walking in front of a grafitti image of a car.
A large group of football players in blue jerseys running through the field.
Two young women having a conversation
A person in a sweater sits looking at a book with a child on their lap.
Two woman wearing jackets are looking at a board.
Two asian women sitting at a table eating asian food.
A woman is holding a small child by the hand and carrying shopping bags.
Three Asian ladies are walking down a sidewalk holding purses and shopping bags.
A woman covering herself with a towel is drinking a jar of water.
A man is playing the guitar for a child in a hospital bed
A couple wearing winter coats posing together.
A man and woman in black coats are outside while it is snowing.
A guy and a female with drinks in hand.
A girl in a black and white headband and pink necktie holding a glass with friends on either side of her.
A girl jumping into a pool, with a man standing near.
A man and woman in masks and costume make a toast in front of a christmas tree.
A woman in a dress doing a craft.
A surfer is doing a turn on his board.
The child is looking at Santa Claus.
A girl in a red top is holding slips of paper.
A man clapping his hands with a bunch of children standing around him.
A young boy is posing with incredible hulk gloves on.
A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of the stadium steps.
A man selling produce on the street.
Two cold people stand near a pole.
A man is sitting on a couch holding a baby while surrounded by children.
Waterskier holding line, mid-jump and almost turned upside down.
A girl in a bright pink outfit prepares for a race.
People in winter hats are standing in a subway together.
A man and two women having a conversation on a lawn.
Two white dogs running with each other.
A man in a blue shirt taking a break and sitting down.
Swimmers gather for practice at a pool with swimming lanes.
A bare chested man with swimming goggles on his head with a group of swimmers behind him.
Diners at a restaurant are served by a waiter.
The two children and the baby with the pink shirt are surrounded by toys.
A bird dives for some food.
Two black dogs running in snow with toys in their mouths.
A person is standing by some stairs in colorful clothes and goggles.
A woman carrying plastic bags walks down a scenic path.
A street filled with cars and people in a city.
A man in a tan coat holding an infant and a young girl sitting on a brown couch.
A black man with black hair laughing.
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
Four children keeping warm under a blanket.
Four children hold hands and jump into a pool.
A tan dog chewing on a dog treat.
A dog running with a stick in the snow.
Two boys on a boat riding though the water.
A little boy in a purple jacket is buckled into his car seat.
A man asleep on a plane in a dark photo.
Man in a purple shirt holding a video camera on a woman sitting in the street.
A lifeguard sitting on the railing and watching the water.
A woman cleans her foot in the kitchen next to a man in a white shirt.
A young girl with brown hair is playing checkers.
A child in red and black winter clothes hiding behind a snow fort.
Two white dogs with brown markings playing.
Little kids stand together and receive an award for something.
Players on a soccer field performing for the crowd.
A young child in baggy blue pants is running away from the fire in the background.
A basketball player is about to make a lay-up.
While one ball player watches helplessly, another jumps and shoots the ball toward the basket.
A young woman and two men drink beer in a bar.
Two guys are out on a cold walk during Christmas season, perhaps for caroling.
A man in a wetsuit surfing.
A man in a green hat, green shirt, brown pants and colorful apron is flipping a huge pancake.
A man is holding a fishing rod and fishing at sunset.
A man in just his underwear jumping on a man surrounded by a crowd of people.
A Miami basketball player with basketball in right hand on court.
A man with a basketball blocks an attempt to take his ball.
A man with a red hat is playing the drums.
Two basketball players reaching for a ball.
A surfer catches a large wave.
The child is shoveling deep white snow near the house.
A boy is winding up to send down a bowling ball.
An older white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen.
Young boy with blond-hair swipes at bubbles in the air.
A dark-haired boy smiles while laying next to two other kids.
A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookstore.
A man with a Santa Claus outfit stopped by two police officers.
Child on couch, holding red cloth with white fur.
A woman in a green shirt and khaki pants is attempting to hit the golf ball into the hole.
A soccer team is holding up one player in victory.
A crowd awaits for a train as it enters the station
A person speed skating
Man does a skateboard trick on green barrel.
Three people stand in front of a store window and smile.
A little boy wearing shorts and a jacket is pulling a red wagon with a pumpkin in it.
A boy wearing blue mittens gets ready to throw snow.
Lots of people standing on a platform in front of a train.
A child in a red short enjoying some arts and crafts.
A little blond-haired girl enjoys eating a peach.
Deer and turkeys stand on snow covered ground.
An Asian woman is standing behind glass shelves with bread on them, outside.
A little dog running on sand.
A snowboarder in bright green performing a jump at a competition.
A man dressed in black rides a green bike.
A black dog and a brown dog touching noses in a grassy field.
A group of people are backpacking through a grassy field.
A little black dog chases another little black dog through thick snow.
Two children play with a white dog.
The two dogs in the snow have a red leash.
A man walking around in a field doing who knows what.
Three firemen holding onto ropes from above.
Newborn laying in bed slightly covered up with a blanket.
A little black dog wearing a red collar is in the leaves with a blue ball.
Two young woman hug and pose together for a picture.
A woman in a red jacket holding a baby in a red jacket next to a bike.
A man in jeans is riding an ATV over sand.
A lady in black shirt with a red ribbon and purple skirt at a victory party
Three men are standing in a forest.
A little boy and a little girl are playing outside with bubbles.
Kid in a striped shirt holding a guitar.
A man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert.
Old woman with lots of ornate clothing and jewelry.
An elderly man sleeping in a outdoor chair while another woman sits next to him.
People and shrubs are silhouetted against an indigo sky.
Woman squatting over a bag filled with some sort of round green vegetable.
Two people are walking two golden dogs in the snow.
This individual in a white lab suit is studying some sort of translucent scan.
A man wearing a vest and pants walks across stage at a concert.
A man wearing no shirt stands on a stage with fire in the background.
Two men look toward the camera, while the one in front points his index finger.
A man and a woman are smiling.
A biker makes a jump across from a city beach.
A waiter dressed in business attire holds up a pan filled with meat laden with sauce and garnished with lemon.
Four young men in a room, working on some tasks.
A snowboarder is performing a stunt in mostly dark.
Two rickshaw operators waiting for a fare with traffic in the background.
A woman wearing a burgundy sleeveless top and blue shorts climbing steps to bleacher
The man is shooting video of another writing on a pole.
A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips.
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
A dog takes a nap in the middle of a busy alley.
A woman is sitting, reading a book on the subway.
A group of men in formal attire talking in a group
A man uses Wood Silk to clean a hardwood floor.
Young person holding a red and black fan in front of a martial arts class.
A woman in pink is holding a plate of food.
Two dogs holding red balls in their mouth, running in the snow.
Children playing in a pool.
A lady and her daughter jump in a swimming pool.
A little boy is playing with the Autumn leaves.
A little dog is carrying a small twig in its mouth.
The woman in brightly colored clothing is dancing.
A man and a woman at a meal, with a dog between them.
A woman looks at a plate filled with steam.
A man falling off of a surfboard in the ocean
A little girl looking into a females face in the midst of a crowd.
A little child with a hat on lays on the grass amid a few scattered fallen leaves.
A woman looks over her merchandise in a marketplace.
Lots of people in a restaurant eating and talking.
A man is standing at a machine.
A man with a mohawk is sweeping a skate park.
One woman is taking a picture and another woman is standing sideways with her arm out.
Two young women pose and smile in a darkly lit area.
A street vendor is gathering bread and pretzels to sell.
An Asian peddler with a wide cone shaped hat with various fruits and vegetables for sale.
A bobsled team runs through a snowy trail.
A male soccer player who is trying to kick the ball with his right leg, as the other player in the background tries to block his kick.
A chef is preparing a meal in a professional kitchen.
A lit food cart is parked on the street at dusk.
A man plays an instrument next to a drummer.
A group of five men dressed in tan are in the middle of a very technical setting.
The boys and the old man are splitting wood to stack.
Two dogs are running through a field of grass.
A black and white staffordshire terrier has his paw on large branch
A woman with braided hair is laughing with a man in a red shirt.
Two Indian children having fun telling secrets to one another.
People await the arrival of an elevated train in the cold winter.
A yellow car spins its rear wheel while a man in the backseat watches.
A man in glasses sits with his head in his hand while at a table set for an Asian dinner.
Two women pushing each other during a rollerskating competition.
A person on an ATV in dunes with a purple sky.
A man and a woman with feathers on her head dance.
The brown dog stands in the water and shakes off.
Young people out to dinner at a chinese restaurant
A group of young people lounging on the couch.
A man in a hat plays a xylophone.
Two people's hands; one of them is doing the other's nails with an emery board.
Many people gather in front of the Lincoln Memorial.
A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man's right arm during a street parade.
Several people are gathered around a table in a warehouse.
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.
A man and a child at a store checkout counter.
The bald woman is standing smiling next to a frowning man.
Two little kids blowing bubbles on the stoop.
Two young woman dressed in white shirts sit in a small space.
The guys are playing a sport.
A man and young girl stand together looking at something with a small child nearby.
A woman crouches on a sink while applying mascara.
An older Asian man wearing an embroidered ski cap poses for a picture.
A brown dog steps into murky water.
A couple sits on a floral couch while an older woman in the background smiles.
A man and woman sit on the rocky overlook.
A man in a tan jacket and blue jeans is sitting on a bench playing the guitar, with another man close-by.
Little kids with their hands in the air
A brass band, with many members wearing Santa Claus hats, is conducted by a man wearing a leather jacket while playing under a temporary bandshell.
People are sitting at a green table set with placemats and green glasses.
A little boy is crying on a playground and a little is riding a toy bike.
A lady and a man wear rain ponchos.
A bunch of people at a train station.
Boy and girl building metal structure.
Two men are fighting with pretend swords in a Medieval Show.
An audience of children are smiling and pointing
A flock of birds fly up from the ground next to a building with a mural.
A muddy dog runs next to water.
A dark brown dog runs behind a yellow dog in the grass.
Little blond boy is falling onto a bed.
Three men are playing rugby one of them is carrying the ball they are covered in mud.
The two little girls jump on the bed.
There are people cooking under a tent and wearing big white chef hats.
A lady wearing gloves, and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch.
The man is going to take a picture from the open window.
A baby is crying and someone is holding him.
A man on a city street in a Santa suit and wrestilng mask.
A woman and child are blowing on a candle in a cupcake.
A baby is sitting in a highchair in a restaurant laughing and squeezing Mickey Mouse' nose!
Man hunched on gray bench marked SAN DIEGO, neat blue trashcan.
A baby dressed as an elephant standing on a bed held up by a woman dressed in a Dorothy costume.
Four people with shaved heads and white robes praying.
A large group of people are walking up a steep mountain with clouds hanging in the background.
Men dressed as Santa clause walking down the street.
The girl is climbing an artificial climbing wall.
A woman in black walks down the sidewalk.
A man in a blue hat is standing next to a car with a shovel in the snow.
Two men standing outside wearing jackets and caps.
A man in a cowboy hat struggles to remain atop a bucking beige horse.
Two children playing in the snow.
Kids being walked across a lot by an adult to a larger building.
A brightly colored bus is stopped in traffic.
Two motocross riders sit on the shoulder of the racetrack.
Woman laying in grass with a rugby ball on her head.
People are skating in a outdoor rink around a huge Christmas tree.
Two people are looking at something in New York City.
A woman in a straw hat standing in front of a table covered in miscellaneous items.
Man riding on a bike taxi on a crowded street.
A group of people loiter on a sidewalk near a lamp post.
A young girl pulling the tail of an alligator staue
A worker with long curly hair examines the vegetables next to the broccoli.
Young, hooded boy and girl huddle on steps outside large doors.
A man with stubble on his face is holding a baby.
White dog with orange collar walks in the field.
A man is kissing the forehead of a baby that is lying on a couch.
A woman wearing a white shirt jumps in the air and sticks out her tongue.
A man in a heavy coat is walking up a stone staircase with a heavy duffel bag with police in the background.
A girl in a bathing suit stands in front of a striped wall.
The girl in plaid is helping the little girl feed an apple to a horse.
A giant bee costume hugs a boy.
A wrestler is being lifted off the ground by another wrestler.
A man drinking a beverage and holding a plastic bag far away from the other people.
A large brown dog and a larger black dog playing together with a ball.
One guy surfing the waves in the ocean.
Rows of adults taking in a lecture in a classroom.
An Asian woman rows a boat loaded with supplies.
A donkey carrying a load of grass down a road.
A lady getting ready to snap a photo.
An Asian man poses in a martial arts pose in front of a natural lake setting.
A group of protesters picket in the road.
An elderly lady is laying on a grassy hill in front of the ocean
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.
Two people are sitting at an outdoor cafe in front of an old building.
There is a man standing outside a shack with some sort of a primitive looking grill that's smoking.
Five people sitting around a table and playing various instruments.
Choir sings at the front of a church.
A man in a suit looks worried as he walks don the crowded street.
There is an oriental man climbing up a mountain.
A man is on stage singing, while the band plays behind him.
A snowboarder jumping off a tall brick building.
A group of more than 8 is speaking into microphones.
A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail.
A woman in a green hard hat is standing at the bottom of a small staircase with her purse in one hand.
People sitting at a table filed with paperwork, having a discussion.
A group of black children in white shirts are sitting on some benches.
A group of poor African children sitting in a classroom.
3 men in uniforms are preparing food on a large surface.
Two smiling men with their heads touching
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building.
Two dogs race across the track.
A group of people are congregated in a room by a big round mirror.
A young girl vacuuming while two boys watch her.
A skateboarder makes a high jump.
A man in shorts climbs a rock face.
A lady standing in the woods raking leaves in front of two parked cars.
A child is wearing a red hat shaped like a hand.
Two young girls with their heads peeking out at the camera from a huge pile of leaves.
A Concert master receiving standing applause for a great performance.
A man is making some hats out of leaves.
An older man stands next to a woman who is laughing.
A chef in a blue shirt smiles in front of a large dish of food while a coworker looks on.
People go up the escalator.
A man dressed like Santa is riding in a carriage during a parade.
Two girls and two men playing at the beach.
A guy in a black hoodie standing in front of a Factory sign talks into a microphone.
Two men at a concert singing.
A man in a black shirt and jeans plays the guitar with his eyes closed.
Two people in orange shirts hanging a billboard.
A group of people march with picket signs referencing school budgets.
Somebody digging in the dirt with a shovel.
A race car is spinning out in front of spectators.
Many people sit and socialize in groups inside a restaurant.
A person wearing a black wetsuit jumps high above a wave with a surfboard.
Protesters gathered together with their signs.
A person swims in a shallow turquoise sea toward an empty tethered rowboat.
A girl wears a fancy dress and a tiara.
A shirtless man is playing a red set of drums.
A man in a black t-shirt and blues shoes plays a bass.
A woman wearing a red tank top is standing on a green mat with her hands up.
The sheepdogs are running in the pasture.
A girl with a ponytail in a black soccer uniform prepares to kick the ball.
Girls playing basketball competitively
An overweight man sits behind a red drum set, playing.
Guy in black and blue wetsuit surfing
Two young women are hugging each other and leaning on a stone wall at the beach.
Protesters fight for the children's rights.
A riot squad forms a line next to an over turned car.
A group of young people are standing in front of profane graffiti.
Several adults and children rioting for smaller class sizes.
A protest is going on about saving our schools.
A man looks down at a collection of glass-blown lamps and other small glass products.
Men dressed in yellow jackets riding motorcycles.
Women and men protesting outside on a sunny day with signs.
A man walks by a building with many signs outside.
A policeman wearing a yellow reflective jacket riding a motorcycle waving to the camera.
One woman laughing while the other one is staring at the laughing one.
Several men wearing ethnic hats are watching the photographer in an outdoor market.
Three people stand and face video machines.
A large group of people line dancing in a dim room.
Two men on canoes on a lake.
A man and a woman walk down an urban alley, flanked by small businesses on either side.
A man is pushing a dumpster next to some rates stacked up in an alley.
Two men shaking hands and smiling at the camera, while a third man stands behind them.
The tan colored dog has a yellow toy in its mouth.
A man singing into a microphone as a part of his band.
Street vendors sell various wards, including pineapples and soccer balls.
A woman writes on a paper at the desk nearby concrete walls with graffiti and detritus on a table.
A young boy holding a brush over the sink.
A female wearing a green shirt is holding a white box in front of a table with two coffee cups near another person.
Young girl in blue dress and tiara applying makeup in the mirror.
A man walks on the sidewalk by a sign.
A man is playing music with the drum set.
Two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture.
Two men play electric guitars.
A dog has its mouth wide open trying to bite something.
A photographer is takeing a picture of a bird mobile.
A man in a black shirt and blue jeans holds a microphone while a band performs with him.
A musician plays his old, red guitar in public.
A woman in a coat is walking down a sidewalk near Chrismas lights.
A man sitting at a drum set.
A guy with a white sweatshirt and guitar drinks from a can while on stage.
Older gentlemen is playing guitar while wearing vans shoes.
A man is taking a picture of himself, and a shouting child in a stroller, in a mirror.
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer.
Many people seem to be selling and buying fish in a fish market.
A crowd of people are lining up outside a stadium.
Two men are performing, one is singing and both are playing guitars.
A dog with a Frisbee in the snow.
A person wearing red rides a bicycle over a dirt path.
A dog runs across the leaf covered ground.
Two men in black clothing posing for a picture by a colorful building.
3 men of a band is performing on a stage.
A man is playing a green electric guitar while standing in front of a microphone.
A man is about to play his guitar.
Man and woman wear fur coats while walking down brick road.
A wet black dog shakes itself off.
A man is operating a television camera high up in a crowded stadium.
An older gentleman is caught working in front of his two-monitored desk.
A man and woman dressed in old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
Three construction workers discussing how a project should be started.
Jockeys are racing their horses on the green field.
Four people are walking on a beach.
Several people dressed in Indian clothing are talking to each other.
Man in brown shirt and jeans playing guitar and singing.
A man wearing a blue bathing suit stands on a red surfboard at the beach.
A man and a woman smiling in a nightclub.
A group of people are dancing in a dark nightclub while a man plays the drums.
A woman holding a plate of watermelon at a party or gathering.
Two women on the dance floor with other people dancing.
A man talking to a woman who is laughing.
Several people are leaning over the side of a bridge looking down into the water.
A line of people waiting in the electronics section of a Walmart.
A man in an orange shirt standing by a potted plant inside a building.
A small dog jumping along the sand
Two people dressed in black sweatshirts are enjoying athletic activities on a deserted beach.
The girl is swimming is a blue-green ocean.
A woman is holding her baby in a hospital room.
The fat brown dog is standing over the little white dog.
The dogs are running in the water.
A young couple conversing inside a hip dance club.
A man in nightclub stands in crowd of people with his hands in the air.
The blond-hair woman is beating on the instrument.
Party goers at a rave dancing by a table with glow sticks on it.
A boy and a girl dancing with each other.
A woman setting at a loom with a child making cloth.
A man flies into the air with his surfboard.
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.
Two women lift a bag of canned food.
A large number of people are sitting around several tables.
A woman stands at a podium.
Three women and one man are having a friendly conversation in an office.
A group of people are hiking in the forest.
A man under colorful stage lights playing a guitar.
A man in a blue shirt passes under the Samsung arch.
Two athletes wrestle on the floor of a gymnasium as several others stand near.
Women participate in a skit on stage.
Young men in white jerseys, playing a form of roller hockey.
A small white bird looks at a small object.
Five men assisting with the loading of a truck while three women observe.
A man in a blue sweatshirt passes a bag of food to a woman in a brown jacket.
Men pass food out from a truck bed.
A dog stands in the white snow.
Two people wearing handkerchiefs over their faces, one with a blow horn
Six neighborhood kids are playing in the snow.
Two men in orange outfits clean up garbage spilled on the street.
Workmen in orange clothes, repairing a street.
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on blue water.
Medical workers in uniform are gathered around a table.
A man is holding onto the underside of an outcropping while rock climbing.
A man in a white suit is standing with two women.
Three men stand in a bar with a purple counter.
A man and a woman smile for the camera.
Two women with long hair posing for a picture
A bearded man and a woman in a dress holding a cup.
A blond woman wearing an apron is putting ingredients into a bowl.
A dog plays on the beach.
There are two motorcycles with a man and a woman on it.
A restaurant front line, with a warmer in the front and a person in a red Coca Cola shirt cooking.
Two dogs, one white and one brown, run along side each other near a grassy field.
Boy wearing red hat, blue jacket pushing plow in snow.
A woman is writing on a post-it note that is on a board full of brightly colored post-its.
A rasta man with dreads is cutting fruit.
The photographer is holding up a disc that has an image on it that looks similar to the gentleman he is taking a picture of.
A singer singing on stange with a guitar player in the background.
A brown and white dog has is mouth open ready to catch a green ball.
An older man cutting up a bunch of coconuts.
A dog is laying on his side on a sidewalk with his mouth open and showing his teeth.
A man dressed in blue, holding a Subway Sandwich sign on the sidewalk.
A man is on top of a cliff overlooking a forest and lake.
A person doing bicycle tricks on a wooden ramp.
Two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other.
A man on a motorcycle racing a car in the distance.
Two Japanese ladies with colorful kimonos on them.
One person is whispering to another.
Man in red jacket giving a thumbs-up with one hand a holding ticket in other.
Two toddlers posing for the camera.
Small children play inside a small yellow and blue tube.
Two young girls at play in a home.
A group of people wearing various shades of white performs at an activity center on stage.
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.
A basketball player in a white jersey prepares to pass the ball back into play during a game.
Two kids playing in sacks on the floor.
Two boys eating ice cream are holding the hands of an adult.
A small girl giggling while playing on a toy.
A woman holding a purse waits as the passenger train passes by.
Workers walk along railroad tracks entering a tunnel.
A group of young people are building gingerbread houses.
A man runs with his bike.
African American children playing in a street in front of a yellow car.
A man sits on a raised platform behind a decorative arch.
A girl stands on two thin logs and photographs buffalo across a river.
A female covering her face in laughter at the dinner table.
A group of people taking food from a salad bar.
The dog by the fence is running on the grass.
There is a crowd of people on the busy corner of 18th St. outside Bank of America.
One mn standing on the ground, and one is standing on the roof.
A young woman in a green tank top walking her dog down a dirt road.
Two dogs run in a field herding sheep.
People gather around a Christmas tree, including some wearing Santa hats, during a Christmas celebration outdoors.
A young boy reaching and jumping.
A boy on a skateboard is at the top of a ramp.
A little boy in blue is running through a pile of brown leaves.
The German Shepherd is digging a large hole in the sand.
A man wears a red bandanna
A surfer in a yellow shirt riding a wave on a white surfboard
A utility worker is scaling a building.
A man with black-rimmed glasses and a mustache is talking.
Several young girls stand in a rural road.
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.
A public transit train runs through a city.
People walk about the Chinese storefronts and a man sits outside at a table with a laptop and advertisements.
Couple kissing in the middle of a street.
A woman is dressed in a costume with a huge feather in her hat.
A girl in a blue shirt with a lunch box is walking.
Two children are diving side by side into a river.
Young men playing basketball in a competition.
A boy rides down the street with a younger boy behind him on the same bike.
A man doing a one armed handstand in the grass.
A surfer riding a surfboard in rough seas.
Baby boy sleeping on a blanket in the grass.
Two people on the subway are sleeping in the corner.
An overweight man sitting in the cab of a truck.
A little boy is jumping off a mound of tires in the woods.
A boy is crouching down, making a kiss face.
Snowboarder does stunt on his board in the snow.
A young boy rides in a small boat.
Three men sitting around a fire in front of a cabin.
The man with a blue pair of shorts is rowing.
Two players in red white and blue football uniforms squat down on the field.
Two warmly dressed small children are looking at an object together.
A man is standing at the shoreline on the beach with 4 dogs.
A brown and black dog swimming in a river
Three people dressed in red and black stand on a sidewalk in front of a beige wall adorned in graffiti.
A dog runs through a field.
An old woman in a long white skirt walks out of a shop on a stone road.
A cheerleading squad performing in front of an audience
Navy men stand along a red carpet and salute as their superior walks by.
A man is welding something on a cinder block.
Six dogs are competing in a race.
There are three hikers in the vicinity of a mountain.
The girl wearing the pink striped shirt is standing in the doorway with her arm outstretched.
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
A woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns.
Three little girls are lying down on white pillows.
A basketball player in a white uniform is making a jump shot against a team wearing black uniforms.
A motorcycle popping a wheelie in front of a group of people.
An African boy in traditional clothing accompanied by two other boys and a woman
A young man parasailing in the ocean.
A happy family is sitting around in a circle in their living room playing with a set of dominoes.
Pedestrians and bikers crossing a busy street
Four children are outside in a line all in a crab position.
Two college looking guys preparing food in the kitchen.
Women dressed in short skirts are going to a party.
A cricket batsman has been bowled out middle stump.
Two men sitting on benches and three men standing up.
A dog runs with a large plate in its mouth.
A young girl is kicking a soccer ball in the grass.
A man in black is sitting in a restaurant.
People are getting food from a food stand by the water.
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.
A black dog with a red collar sniffs the ground.
A young girl is sitting on a bench near a tree, polishing a shoe.
A man in a tan coat is one of the people reaching out to photograph the parade, which features suited men with briefcases.
A young boy kicks at the autumn leaves beneath his feet.
A man in a blue outfit decides to grab his private areas in the middle of a protest.
An officer knocking a man to the ground as others flee.
The man turns with the wave on his surfboard.
A skateboarder is in midair in the middle of a trick.
A little boy in a pool gives a thumbs up to the camera as another swims away.
A group of people rowing in a boat near a city.
A lady in a red sweater and a blue jean skirt bowling with an orange ball.
A boy on the street holds a box.
Two young children, a boy and a girl, are walking down a wooden walkway through the woods.
Several boys dressed in dark colors are sitting down.
A young dark-skinned boy in a large shirt sitting next to a large pile of sandals.
A man shows a large hammer.
A group of old men walking down the street
A group of people are rowing a boat in a contest.
A crowd of people are gathering at many different tents, most of which have white roofs, outside.
Young kid in a blue shirt is doing a trick on his rollerblades.
Two motorcyclists riding tandom on a biek down the street.
Cooking hot peppers in the cold winter!
Two people with bicycles, one in front running with a bike and one in back riding.
A woman in a red dress is talking on a cellphone.
A shop is closed and a girl is peeking through it looking at lingerie collection.
Two people browsing for clothes at a store.
A child wearing a blue shirt is walking on the street holding up two fingers.
Children playing an informal game of hockey
A young boy is sitting on a skateboard in the middle of the street.
Three children stand in front of two large tires.
A woman in a green tank top riding down a festival slide.
A woman wearing gray, sitting on a picnic table by a baby stroller.
A person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard.
A dog chained to a chair with a shirt and hat on.
A crowd of people are standing in front of Italian style buildings.
One Indian lady at a weave making a blanket.
A guy wearing a black shirt and jeans, sitting on a couch, with multicolored butterflies on the wall behind him.
A child and an adult looking at each other.
A little girl in blue is smiling whilst playing on a rope swing.
A crowd is gathered around a man watching a performance.
A bicyclist is attempting a trick down a flight of outdoor stairs.
A man wears a t-shirt showing a baby humping a stuffed bear.
A closeup into a large unique type plan with a lone woman in the center.
A person leads three horses away against the sunset.
A man enjoying a carnival game while his friend looks on.
Ship workers posing for a picture in life jackets underway.
A girl in red pants riding on a moped.
Three women are sitting on a green bench looking out at the coast.
The ambulance on the flatbed truck was in a collision.
Male gymnast on the rings.
Two young girls laughing on a tire swing.
A man and a wolf in the arctic snow.
A couple takes in the view of a town square at sunset.
Someone is taking a brown canoe down to the lake.
Four native children perform for a group of people.
A man and woman are drinking beer outdoors at night.
Person doing a trick on a skateboard in a skate park while people watch.
A pile of rocks and a group of people around it.
A young boy wearing a blue and red jacket is raking leaves.
The boy is leaping into the air.
Children are playing with leaves in the autumn.
Three girls are standing together making peace signs with their hands.
A man watching as one woman in a brown coat is talking to another woman in a gray coat.
Two men playing hockey on the ice.
Skater boy does a trick and gets his photo taken in midair.
A fencing class takes place on a basketball court.
A heavyset couple sitting in lawn chairs on the grass with a brown dog at their feet.
A man watches the waves from the ship deck as he ties a rope.
The field hockey team is trying to score a goal.
Basketball players participate in a game.
The skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail.
Two ladies and a girl are lounging under a shade tree.
Some people are standing, some walking, and one riding a bike, in a paved alleyway.
A man dressed in business attire stands next to an orange and green taxi cab.
A tan dog with a black collar on and his master playing around in their free time.
A good-natured stunt is pulled on the blindfolded groom, as his new wife watches, amused.
A newly married couple dances with money on their clothes.
A recently married couple pose outside in their wedding clothes.
A group of children playing in a water fountain.
A little girl wears a helmet and prepares to ride a scooter.
A monster truck soars into the air at an arena.
A group of five young adults lounging indoors.
A guy in navy blue and yellow shorts jumping into a pool.
Two men in blue jumpsuits, one holding a bandaged girl
A man in a shirt with flowers is looking down.
A team of rowers rowing in a green and red boat
Young woman in summer clothes jumping up and down on rocky shoreline.
A wedding party watches as the bride and groom kiss.
A groom holding up his bride's train to ensure that it doesn't get wet on a rainy day.
Two women stand near a wall plastered with advertisements.
A young child balancing a plate in the air on one arm.
There are a lot of people on the roller coaster.
Seagulls abandon their rock as a wave crashes against it.
These two children and dog are running through a field of grass.
A man swims in the pool with a child in a life jacket.
Rugby players competing in a match.
A man wearing jeans is working to make a sculpture in the sand.
An unhappy toddler sitting on the sidewalk.
A man in a blue jersey is kicking a ball while another man watches.
A man kayaks in rough water.
A person in red is lying on a bench in a park, and two couples sit on other benches together.
People are shopping at an Asian market.
A man sliding on a concrete bench on his snowboard as people watch
A lady with red-hair prepares some food.
Ground based military forces preparing to move out at night.
An artist is working on a statue.
A man holds a microphone to his mouth, backlit by green lights.
A young boy is playing in leaves.
Man wearing a red, black, and white jacket riding a bicycle down a paved path in a park.
Five people are inspecting bicycles outside in a wooded area.
A man with brown hair with glasses on looking up at someone and laughing.
A man in a brown trench coat talking to a security officer in a mall.
Two people in two kayaks are paddling on the coast, with trees on a hill in the background.
A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard.
A dark brow dog holds an orange ball in his mouth while walking through water.
A white dog running in the fallen leaves.
A hockey player tries to make a goal while the goalie and another player look on.
A dog stands on a cement platform looking down at rubble.
A dark complexion man in yellow and maroon shirt works the controls of a machine.
A man with a yellow shirt is singing into a microphone.
A woman with pink bangs and a child are sitting at a table, about to eat a meal.
A small crowd of people jumping into the air.
A lady with glasses holds a baby who is looking up at her.
A person waving is hanging off a zip line.
Child in a gray hoodie standing on the bottom of a red plastic slide.
Two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera.
A man with a yellow shirt and gold sun mask on his face.
Five women and three dogs posing for a picture.
Two young girls, one in black and one in blue, are practicing on balance beams.
A man attempts to push another who is carrying a ball.
A woman holding a baby up and making a funny face
A little boy with rain boots takes a walk in the park.
A man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
A man in mostly leather clothing stands in a nighttime entertainment area.
A female gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skills.
A man in a brown shirt and jeans is doing a trick on his bicycle.
A man in a white robe stands and talks to people who are sitting.
A woman, in the striped shirt, is in the process of bathing a baby.
A man in a black hat looking at pictures with another man.
Three men are standing on a cliff overlooking mountains and the ocean.
A man pushing a cart selling treats of some kind.
One guy wearing pink and another guy wearing black are sitting and talking, one of them is drinking something.
A man at his desk is reading from his computer monitor.
Two people are in a tent near a brick wall.
A person in green surfing a wave.
Against a panoramic backdrop from a mountain overview a woman is photographed wearing a biking helmet and sunglasses.
Four women are standing together, posing for a picture.
A woman in a red and black jacket and a bicycle helmet sits on a mountain bike.
A dog walks across a puddle of water in Las Vegas.
A man reading a piece of paper next to stored pork.
Two brown dogs in a grassy field, one jumping for a ball.
Two adults in helmets are fooling around with mountainous terrain in the background.
A gathering of people with computers and videocameras.
A man wearing a yellow safety vest helps prepare an airplane.
A group of motorcyclists in a race.
An older man in a pink shirt and a black vest plays the flute while looking at his sheet music.
A dirt biker is airborne in front of a crowd.
An elderly person with a white hat is reading a paperback book.
An older man sits on a bench at the bus stop.
Two men are working in a kitchen preparing pizzas to be cooked in the oven behind them.
Blurry people walking in the city at night.
A woman dressed in a red sweatshirt, wearing a white apron, and washing a large pan in a sink.
College students sitting on the floor cheering for something.
Two men with sunglasses on their heads facing each other in a crowd.
Two men pose for a picture on a camera phone.
A man wearing glasses, a blue shirt with a black jacket and a smile
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves
Two pretty ladies show off the low cut backs of their dresses
Two women kiss cheeks while holding flowers.
Three boys in matching bowties and vests performing with a group.
A young man standing in a crowded area.
A group of people is standing on a porch, and one of them is petting a yellow dog.
A dog runs through the woods.
A woman wearing a blue face is resting her finger beside her nose.
Little muzzled white dogs are running in the grass.
Man riding a mountain bike doing a jump in the air.
A man is lying on the ground fixing a tire.
A surfer rides the crashing waves while another follows behind.
People walking down a ramp in an underground tunnel.
Three young boys, a young girl, and a small dog are playing in a fort made of sticks.
A middle-aged man is looking at the middle-aged woman.
A brown dog jumping off a rock into a lake.
A man riding a motorcycle down the sidewalk.
A man in a blue sweater is talking to a gray headed lady.
A man is walking along side a yellow bike on a sidewalk.
A closeup blurred image of a man wearing a green shirt and tan pants.
A young, brunette man jumps over a metal railing while smiling.
A young girl looks on in to the camera, as a group of people, possibly a family, gather in a backyard.
A little girl sitting in a seat.
A man wearing green jumps with his skateboard in the street.
Two brown and white dogs running across grass.
An older man in a brown suit rests on a bench by the water.
Diners are sitting at tables in a restaurant.
A snowboarder flies off of a jump which is next to a big red atomic sign.
One small dog chases another across grass.
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.
Three people are harvesting grass from muddy water.
A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.
Two men are kidding around as a woman watches them.
A man wearing a red shirt and white smock uses a butcher clever to cut into a skinned chicken.
A blond man jumping off a cliff into some water
Two commandos with gun by a staircase and an old man holding a hat is sitting on the stairs.
Several children peer into microscopes while being supervised by adults.
Three children in blue shirts swinging on a swing set.
A white and black dog racing on a track
This is a man and woman who are holding up a marriage certificate.
A wet bulldog shakes off water.
A black and white dog with a blue dog toy in its mouth walks across a grassy yard.
The lower halves of two kids playing soccer
A man and a boy wrestle inside a house.
A woman sewing on her porch.
A girl with her arm around a boy covering his face.
A pilot at the window of a British Airways plane.
A lemonade vendor in a checked shirt sits behind his lemonade stand.
Bike rider is looking at a accident of other sports bike rider.
A baseball pitcher is bowling the ball.
A young boy playing in a pool.
A small black and white dog is looking at another brown dog.
A brown dog sits on the beach.
A man wearing a white helmet is rock climbing.
Two dogs playing outside near the water.
A group of people in black shirts walking on wet cement through a park.
Three thin women in colorful dresses.
A woman in a maroon scarf sits and looks out over a white rail.
Two soccer players kick a soccer ball.
A group of children and two adults are sitting on a bench.
A woman with scuba gear is preparing to jump into the water.
Two males, one in a black shirt and one in a striped sweater, cook.
A group of children eating cake.
A man, a girl and a girl dressed like a nun are rehearsing in the kitchen in front of makings of hotdogs.
Man standing at a food and beverage stand.
A group of elderly peddlers selling blow up balloons and toys along the side of a street.
Men are trying to sell balloons and balls.
A woman in yellow carries a child in the water.
A young boy holds a green shovel.
A group of people working in a UNICEF storage facility.
A girl sits at a desk and reads a paper.
Three girls are sitting at desks and appear to be working intently.
These are four students, one is writing.
Small crowd standing on an ocean beach in the evening.
Old woman missing teeth stands with metal object in hand.
A person in a rainbow wig and colorful clothing shows something to a woman.
A man with a red wig and other people in costumes are gathered.
Several people are smiling as they wear crowns, garish hats, and painted faces.
A German shepherd jumps left on patchy grass.
The German shepherd dog is chasing after a ball.
A brown dog jumping through the grass.
A child is jumping into the water next to a pile of seaweed.
Three male swimmers are competing is a swim meet.
A group of guys holding another guy pose for a photo in front of a graffited trailer.
A woman holding a young boy slide down a water slide into a pool.
A teenage boy wearing a blue and white uniform playing a form of Hockey.
Three Orca whales jump in a pool at seaworld.
A girl in colorful clothing is jumping on a bed with a color-block quilt.
The little girl tackles a man and makes the universal sign for "Touchdown!"
Two people are sitting at a table outside of a building.
A small boy raising his hand and standing among a lot of orange pumpkins.
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene.
This is a small blue green and white manual.
A black dog is running pasts a wire mesh fence with a blue bone shaped toy in its mouth.
Two men holding their arms out from their bodies.
A man on a blue surfboard is on a wave.
Men and women walk past an artist on the sidewalk.
Clad in galoshes she balances making quick work of the task at hand.
A woman playing tennis preparing to serve the ball.
A dog wearing an orange vest scampers playfully across the grass.
A man sitting at a desk with a large pile of papers on his lap.
A boy in a red sweatshirt rakes leaves into a pile.
A boy turns a handcrank in a courtyard.
Ice skater wearing blue suit while racing against other skaters.
An athelete takes a break and sits in the grass drinking water.
Two young, smiling African children in colorful clothes are carrying a jug of water.
Several surfers ride a wave approaching the beach.
A person wearing a red scarf and a black jacket is standing in front of a small roadside shop next to a motorcycle and waving.
A man is singing into a microphone as others play instruments.
A man wearing a gray shirt is tuning his guitar.
A child carrying a large object on his head while looking at the camera.
There are people standing and setting beside white tents with sad and worried faces as they look around at boards and trash scattered around the area.
A man in a black shirt holds a large bushel of vegetables.
A group of greyhound dogs racing with muzzles covering their noses.
A barefoot and shirtless skateboarder rides along a road.
An Asian woman in a pink shirt and tan pants is pulling on a pole while a little boy watches.
Person on bicycle doing a trick on white fencing.
A young man in a black jacket asleep at a restaurant.
Cheerleaders on a field practicing a move.
A man in a gray shirt plays the harmonica.
Band playing in front of a crowd.
A man in a dark shiny suit plays the piano and sings on stage.
A young woman in a bright pink dress poses for the camera.
A man in a light blue polo shirt plays an arcade game in the middle of a grocery store.
People sitting on the roof observing something in the distance.
Several people are in a hot air balloon posing for the camera with a river in the background.
A man and a woman smiling at a crying baby.
A dog is standing up against the kitchen counters trying to get into bags.
A girl in a pink shirt sitting on a red ball.
A man in a black sailor's uniform and white hat clenches his hands together and grits his teeth.
Four small children sit on tall stools at a restaurant bar.
A dog running through a field with a ball in its mouth
A person in a red hat stand watches the onrushing waves.
A young woman in a dark green tennis outfit serves the ball.
A wmoan is jumping off land and into a ditch.
One large brown dog running along side a black and white dog.
A brown dog runs through a orange tunnel.
A group of children and women crouching aside a stream of water.
A man in a bright green jacket riding a bright yellow motorbike.
A young woman stands near the road with the red leaves behind her.
People are crossing a street at night.
A boy in a striped shirt and hat does tricks on the steps.
A young male surfing.
A telephone repairman looks down from above while repairing his lines.
Two scuba divers underwater, enjoying their time.
Two men and a woman sit at a bar table drinking glasses of beer.
A group of people dressed up and dancing.
Two men are running side by side in a field.
Two people standing on a beach looking at seagulls and the surf.
A dog picks up a stick with his mouth while treading through water.
Several women are playing musical instruments at someone's home.
A young boy is pushing an adult male in a wheelchair.
A baby crawling around in a grassy field.
A man drives a red motorcycle with his daughter in his lap.
A little girl wearing pajamas is playing with blocks.
On the waters edge, there are children who are playing in a sprinkler system.
A girl in orange is hitting the ball in field hockey.
Man in a black suit, white shirt and black bowtie playing an instrument with the rest of his symphony surrounding him.
There is a girl playing a double bass instrument around other musicians.
Two children playing on the side of an old white truck.
A child is playing in with paint in the kitchen.
An Asian couple kiss outdoors on their wedding day.
A man is drinking wine while sitting in a chair.
A man with glasses is listening to headphones and looking at a computer screen.
A man waits by the side of the road, near a body of water.
A woman in a plaid skirt and black top plays an electric violin.
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
A woman in a race turning a corner.
A child sitting in a purple chair reading a book.
A man wearing a green shirt is skateboarding on a ramp beside a white fence.
A young boy and his dog lay together on the floor.
A man wearing a t-shirt using a computer with a very large monitor.
Men in an office with computers and a projector screen.
Two boys are playing on very old architectural structures.
A poor family is leaving their home with only a few belongings.
A black and white dog is biting on a pine cone on the grass.
A man walking down the street.
A little Asian girl holding a plastic bag with Mickey Mouse inside it.
A white male jumping in the sand on a beach.
A race car driver smiles and gives the thumbs up before a race.
A little boy wearing a coat buried up to his shoulders in leaves.
A group of 7 women and a man in a building taking pictures and talking.
A young skateboarder looks off into the distance.
Person on a bike wearing a cone hat, with different items in the front basket of the bike and tied to the back of the bike.
A nurse preparing to wrap a newborn baby up.
A wrestler is falling onto another wrestler who is laying in a ring.
Three girls jumping on a trampoline.
A man catches a huge wave on his surfboard.
Young boys line up at the line of scrimmage during a football game on a gray day.
Group class for martial arts, some in uniform and some not, taking place in an outdoor facility.
A man sits with his dog in front of a painted wall.
Two people are walking down the street holding hands in the fall.
Child in bathing suite walking towards water on beach.
Three speed skaters racing down the ice rink.
Two woman competing in a sporting event
A man is listening to headphones standing in front of two tattered american flags
Overhead view of several people going up and down a staircase.
A girl in a pink checkered coat walks down a hallway followed by another younger girl.
A black and brown dog playing in the water at a beach.
A man in a fancy pattern jacket stands outside a club with two ladies.
Woman in sunglasses accompanied by a man in a safari outfit.
Two children are dressed up like characters in Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' video.
A couple hugs while holding a plastic tiger.
The man wears a white hat and poses with a blond woman and a black-haired woman.
The three people are playing around with a fake knife.
People move furniture through the second-story window of a building using ropes and pulleys.
A young man leaps through the air from a rocky mountaintop.
A indian female seamstress works on a piece of cloth.
A woman is laying on the beach next to her bike.
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
A group of friends is posing in a pub.
A dog runs down a footbride in the fall.
Boy in a helmet riding his bike in a marathon.
A toddler in a white sweatshirt is getting ready to grab the pole.
Three people wear a lot of makeup and stand together.
A blond girl with a poster poses with a black-haired girl.
Two people at the bowling alley.
Here is a picture of African Americans standing with doo-rags on their head.
People in blue outfits are carrying supplies.
A runner heading toward a base while the baseman tries to tag him out.
It seems like this man is preparing to bake something.
A large group of people all driving Jeeps down a two lane path.
Boxes of fruit and vegetables wait in a dark market.
A man in athletic attire walks across a green grassy sports field while cameramen look on.
A soccer referee points as he directs a soccer player in blue during a soccer game.
A black and white dog on an orange leash jumps in a field.
A boy looks into his telescope in a grassy field.
A man wearing a yellow shirt jumps into a lake surrounded by two waterfalls.
Sled dogs pull a sled through a snowy forest.
Two adults and two children are riding bicycles down a street.
Three people walking along a stream in a jungle.
An ATV racer blasts down the track sending dirt flying everywhere.
Two men in suites sway to the left, one holding a briefcase.
A woman in blue sweater points while standing with a group of other women.
A small bird sold something in its beak.
Two young men stand in a room holding technical equipment.
Three men draping a rope across a road.
Salyo the clown prepares to make a balloon animal for little girl in pink jacket.
Group of guys sitting in a circle.
Four children are sitting on the ground next to a tree that is white around the trunk.
A young girl walks among vegetation and flowers.
A kid, in a gray hoodie, having the back towards the camera, is holding up an american flag.
People are walking down a busy city street.
A young blond child in a white polo shirt is using a toothbrush on a frog statue.
A man in the shower with a Mohawk made out of shampoo.
Guy mowing lawn and listening to the radio at the same time.
A group of young children playing hopscotch on a sidewalk.
A dog trots with a ball in its mouth.
Kids aggressively getting ready for a play in football.
Two men in wife beaters sit in front of a bunch of dead birds.
At the shooting range, a man in a green jacket practices his shooting.
A man is in freefall from a point at which others are observing.
Rafts and a helicopter over water.
A black man and a large, golden dog are on the beach.
Woman text on phone while man on bike passes her by.
A boy jumping with a sunset in the background.
A woman sits and watches another woman play in the pool.
A young boy in a red shirt climbs a playground rock wall.
Four men with orange safety gear walking through a field.
There is a man holding a gun in a corn field.
A man in a orange safety vest holding up an animal he shot.
A hunter is holding a bird in one hand and his gun in the other.
A man and a child stand nearby each other within a tribal group.
The black dog is running down the grassy knoll to jump in the water below.
A little girl is ecstatic after opening a present at her birthday party.
A group of men and women are in wedding attire.
People yell with their arms streched at night.
An Asian woman gets out of a taxi in the middle of town at night.
An Asian child carries produce in a round basket down the sunny street.
Several people are picking through crops at an urban market.
A small race car with advertising is driving on a rainy track.
A man in a green shirt reclines in a lounge chair in a living room of a house.
A man wearing an Obama t-shirt and holding a coffee cup.
A man talks on a cellphone while holding an Obama campaign sign.
A woman in a dress playing her acoustic guitar.
A woman in boots sings and plays keyboards from an elevated stage to a seated crowd.
The lady is waiting to clean the bathrooms.
A closeup of a man shooting a handgun into the woods.
Crouching man peering through a row of light blue and gray uniformed men.
Two men are sitting on a grassy hillside wearing bike helmets.
Average, everyday people walk by a facility.
An old man takes a nap in a rickshaw.
A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling.
A woman with a scarf on her head walks down a wooden boardwalk.
A dog chews on a stick.
Men and women are gathered at a cluttered store, clothes hung on racks are scattered throughout
Woman sitting on a tall, white wall.
An man of African heritage is wearing a gray shirt and silver neck chain.
A man in black holds up an Obama 08 sign.
Two women, one playing an instrument and one dancing, are at the shore of a beach.
Four soccer players play on the pavement.
A group of men dressed in suits are standing on a stage.
People riding their bikes and shopping late at night.
A group of young women, one up in the air.
A young women wears an "Obama" t-shirt.
A man with a cast is using a camcorder to record an enjoyable event.
A group of people making excited expressions with their hands
An elderly woman wearing a striped hat, sunglasses, scarf, and blue plaid shirt.
A dog chasing a pink ball.
A little girl is playing with a large, white poodle in the driveway next to a police car.
A woman waving from between two piles of dried corn husk.
People completing a ballot while children are sitting behind them on the floor watching.
A man gets lots of air time as he wakeboards.
Several young boys wearing blue helmets and blue and red life jackets on a raft
A boy and a girl dancing.
Four construction workers are working at night in the city by the water.
A dog licking his lips in a room with no food in its dish.
A chef and his two sous chefs prepare a dish in a restaurant.
Girls walking in the street on a sunny day.
A man plays a yellow guitar while a cat watches him.
3 women cooking in a kitchen.
A one armed man swimming holding a drinking bottle in the pool.
A woman with a dog descends an outdoor staircase, a bus behind her.
A woman is eating what appears to be a mussel.
A seated boy plays the accordion.
A large crowd of people are walking in an open air food bazaar.
A man with a blue sports jacket and another with a green shirt are looking towards the camera.
A very busy city street at night with bicyclists and taxis in the road.
The proud dog returns with the toy it fetched.
A boy wearing a blue wetsuit rides on a blue surfboard.
A group of young men throwing rocks in a foreign country.
Several people are marching and one is holding a menorah as he marches.
This band is playing on a stage.
Several people in a band jumping up and down to the music.
Two dogs play with each other in the leaves.
A tan dog is sitting in some snow
Guy and girl kiss at train station.
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
Middle-aged balding man sitting looking at two computer monitors.
Cyclists are carrying their bicycles up a steep grassy hill.
Military personnel learning how to shoot their rifles.
A man in a blue coat walks a small white animal as a buss passes in the background.
Man with striped shirt on standing next to his motorcycle.
Older woman in yellow jacket, holds sign saying "DOWN AND OUT" in urban area.
Several horsemen are riding past each other carrying flags.
A man in an orange shirt and blue helmet races his bike.
Soldiers are washing pans in red tubs.
A little boy sleeping on a striped couch while wrapped in a white blanket.
A computer lab in a school, five people pictured.
A woman stamds in the middle of a brick road.
Man and woman standing close together while another man watches.
A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.
A man standing at a microphone in front of a large crowd.
A group of young men sit on rock and look in the distance.
A baseball player swinging a bat
A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe.
Looking through a vehicle's windshield at a dog crossing the road.
A man is lifting heavy rocks and stacking them on top of one another.
A little girl looking through a newspaper.
A small girl brushing an older girls hair with a white brush.
A white woman looking outside her window in broad daylight.
A man in a Miami basketball uniform looking to the right
Two men from opposite teams playing basketball.
A white dog wearing a red collar is jumping up from the grass.
A couple dressed in odd costumes.
A large group of people are protesting something on a street-corner.
Two men with short hair are working.
A man in an Ozzy t-shirt looks at his breakfast of poached eggs and toast with coffee on the side.
The basketball player in blue is challenging the player in orange for the ball.
A basketball player looks for someone to pass the ball to.
Two men play basketball.
A woman giving a baby a bath in a specialized baby bather.
Man with mask on raises hand.
A group of Amish people are standing outside of a church.
Two musicians are carrying speakers, guitars, and musical equipment.
Two opposing male players are chasing the ball in field hockey.
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
A group of middle-aged people with laptops and notebooks are paying attention to something.
A man on a motorbike in midair
A green pull wagon is parked under a tree in a shaded area.
Man and women in a halloween costume having a conversation
Man in a police costume next to a man in a zombie costume.
Two girls in red costumes play together.
Everybody is dressed as a zombie at this party.
Five boys playing outside in a fenced-in backyard.
A young boy with blond-hair smiling while posing on a tree branch.
A snowboarder grinding down a side rail.
A middle-aged blond woman is directing an object onto a trolley.
A girl doing a kick near a woman.
A child dressed in purple and an adult dressed in black.
A man in a flannel shirt is chiseling a rock.
A girl dressed in a Halloween costume is carrying bag of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background.
Tennis players are seen conversing on the court.
A little boy in a blue hoodie is spinning the handle of a crank operated machine.
Three musicians are seated on chairs, playing their respective instruments.
A man is jumping a rock on an orange dirt bike.
A man doing the bicycle on a public area bench.
Two ladies wearing hats and a man pushing a stroller were passing a spa treatment facility.
Male gathering straw to make huts.
Military arrest a man in the middle of the street.
The white duck is swimming with a black dog
A baby happily stacks his Legos near his playpen.
A man is holding up his hand by a flag.
A group of people are standing along a wall waiting for something.
Lots of people are enjoying a concert.
A toddler boy in overalls sliding down an orange slide
A man dressed as a clown riding a bicycle in a race.
Two women are crossing a bridge over a narrow waterway.
Three Chinese women are discussing something.
Two women hug while a third gets out of the car.
The five people are standing under three tan arches.
A large crowd of people, some with their hands in the air, gather in a large building.
Five people sitting around a table looking over some papers.
A pitcher and catcher celebrate striking another baseball player out in a pro game.
A couple walking the beach together probably remembering good times.
A woman holding a purse stands at the edge of a rocky ledge and looks out at the trees.
The brown German shepherd dog is playing with a stick.
Men in a cluster during a bike race
Two dirt bike riders in midair.
A woman sits at a desk and types on a computer.
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
A kid is walking and he is pushing his toy
A boy in a green short is running in the sand.
Several people, including a young girl with a pink top and shorts, waiting at a bus stop.
A man sitting on a subway.
A man sits at a table in front of a large mural.
A man and woman are kissing and taking a picture of themselves.
Boys do skateboarding maneuvers with an American flag in the background.
A little boy is playing with sand at the beach.
People wait in line to board a double decker bus under streetlights
A woman speaks into a bullhorn on a cold night.
A man standing outside in front of a field with a big yellow sack on his shoulder.
A middle-aged woman in stylish clothes, holding a camera.
A crowd walks on a sidewalk shortly after it has rained.
The surfer is in the wave.
One soccer player wearing a blue, Samsung sponsored jersey is stumbling over another falling soccer player wearing a red jersey.
A group of people wearing hats are gathering with big bags.
A football player folding a football during a game in the mud
A dog runs across the grass.
A woman in a red dress is standing next to a girl looking at water.
A person doing a bicycle trick over a wooden ramp.
A crowd waits outside a subway train, ready to board.
An old man looking pensive as he stares off his balcony.
Women in the fields working in a farm planting rice seeds.
Three dogs play in the grass near the playground equipment.
A blond little boy with green and blue shorts is digging a hole in wet sand.
A baby is pulling the cat by the tail.
A man in a sweatshirt with a hat is looking over a bridge at a lake.
Two workers are walking around a construction site.
Four men wearing orange vests are at a construction site.
Two young men are leaping exuberantly on an outdoor plaza.
A worker, elevated on a piece of equipment, is trying to repair a pole near a window.
A man wearing a Vegas shirt has an open suitcase beside him.
A little girl sitting on a chair is blowing up a giant yellow balloon.
German Shepherd jumping through black hoop while people watch
A lone rock climber climbing a rock wall
A person in the air on a bike.
A group of people with children are performing on a stage.
Three people acting in a play.
A man in a blue shirt takes a break from digging in a river.
A lady and a kid in a strawberry ride
A surfer rides a large wave on a blue board.
Group sets up for martial arts fight.
A group of people enjoying a hot air balloon ride.
Race cars at night in the rain.
A man plays guitar and sings into a microphone.
A treat vendor is standing in the sun while others sit in the shade under umbrellas.
Two small white dogs wearing muzzles jumping over a small item.
A man with glasses and a green beanie falling asleep on the subway.
A blond girl in a black cape stands with other children in costumes.
A man and woman kissing in front of a white statue
A person in a large pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a man and a woman dressed in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back.
A little girl swings, a woman stands behind her.
A dog shaking off water after playing in the water with a Frisbee.
Surfers on a huge ocean wave at sunset.
A little boy is attempting to do a cartwheel.
Two hockey players compete on the ice.
An older man looks over a younger man wielding an ax chopping wood in a fall setting.
A bicycler jumping over a barrier with his bike.
A goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal.
The runner dons a batman uniform for the race
A boy riding a Thomas the Tank Engine scooter and a girl riding a pink scooter are on the sidewalk.
People dressed as Santa in a club with green balloons.
Kids are in the park waiting to try the big blow up activity.
A band playing outside a Zune building.
A rock band plays on a Zune stage while many people watch.
Two men are playing soccer on a grassy field.
A snowboarder launches into the air over white snow
Three women jump happily after finishing a road race.
Two boys in blue shirts fighting behind a gray car and two other children.
A brown dog is on the green grass.
A man is doing a skateboarding trick, known as the ollie, over a staircase.
Men play saxaphones outside a building.
A young boy is performing tricks with a skateboard at a skate park.
A boy does a skateboard trick.
A blond person stands in front of a building with outstretched arms.
A boat turns right in an open river.
An older man, who is pilot of a plane, is smiling.
A football player runs past an official carrying a football.
A lioness is chasing a black bison across a grassy plain.
A man in a green shirt roping a calf in a rodeo arena.
A man smiles as he looks down at an orange sports car that's parked at a curb.
Two men writing in the sand on a rocky beach.
Two women and a man are standing next to a picnic table covered in food and water.
A young child jumping in a pile of leaves
Three children are playing on the shoreline with a ferry docked in the background.
A cowboy with a white hat fails to wrangle a calf at a rodeo.
A worker welding some metal wearing full protective gear while he is sitting down
Two big brow dogs who look alike wrestle.
Many women in colorful saris are entering a stone building.
A snowboarder is in midair doing a trick.
Several people gathered in a kitchen around an island eating.
Young women gather for a small party.
A runner in black is passing an outdoor florist shop.
Woman that is playing a bass.
The boy in the red jersey runs with the football.
A guy stands at his london tourist stand.
The child is riding a vehicle along a gated path next to a beach area.
Guards at a concert, woman in red dress on stage.
A man carrying bags of vegetables in one hand and a tray of vegetables in the other.
Seated street musician in black derby plays wind instrument with no one listening or watching.
A woman with a long ponytail and a man with short hair enjoy a laugh while eating dessert.
A man and a boy watch a dog leap to catch a ball.
A woman sitting on one of a row of green chairs is holding a microphone.
A person riding a bicycle going over a raised platform.
Two men in black shirts playing electric instruments in a room.
A man and a woman are standing in a forest.
People running a race and the guy in gray is in the lead.
Girl and a boy, playing tennis.
A blond-haired woman covers her mouth as a man in a black shirt motions with his hands.
A young man sits on a chair with one shoe off.
A girl is standing in the street waving her arm as cars pass by.
Two packs of sled dogs meet.
A yellow dog plays with a large stick in the grass.
A teenage boy does tricks jumping across a railing.
A man in a green shirt and black hat playing a guitar on stage.
Two men on motorcycles are driving down an empty street.
A woman is sitting and holding a partially woven basket.
Two dogs race across the track.
A man performs a skateboarding trick on a cement monument in a city park.
A dog walking through the water at the ocean.
A man sits by a window on a train.
A dad with his child and an apple pie.
A child is touching dough on a cutting board.
A little boy sleeps in his blue stroller.
A child in a red shirt is sitting against a wall with a map while eating.
A group of people are having conversation while drinking some beer.
Young boy with a small soccer ball.
A man watches as a woman cleans a pool.
Two men dressed in white hit a ball while a third man walks up.
Two little girls are in a meadow looking at nature objects.
Small girl in a colorful shirt looking at a flower in a living room.
A greyhound is active in a grassy field.
A small boy looking at things through a microscope
A child is on the ground crying.
A young boy dressed in slacks and layered tops uses a leaf blower in a grassy area by a street.
A man is popping balloons inside a cubicle using a handmade tool.
Two yellow dogs play in a green plastic pool.
A middle-aged woman has fallen asleep on the train.
A middle-aged man's shaving his beard in a room with white walls which doesn't look like a bathroom.
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground.
A man in an orange vest is facing away from the camera rising on a bus.
Two players hustle during a soccer game.
A woman in pink pants walking beside a little boy riding a toy.
Two men sit on a bench surrounded by plant life.
A dirt road that has trees on one side and run down buildings on the other.
A boy with a yellow shirt and gray pants playing ball alone.
A large construction site with many vehicles in a city.
Two cowboys on horses chase a young cow with lassos'.
Asian man walking in a muddy stream pushing a wooden tool.
Several people are eating and talking while another plays the piano.
Three women are climbing a wire tower while wearing little clothing.
The man in the black leather jacket is jousting from his bicycle.
An artist is painting a picture of a woman that is modeling with a Japanese umbrella, while standing on the beach.
A dog jumps in the air with a lady standing near.
A group of hockey players slide along the ice during a game.
Three soccer players collide in a rush for the ball.
Three women sitting on the end of a pier, drinking, splashing their feet, and laughing.
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail.
Two women and a man on blue and yellow seats in public transportation.
Several people, some holding umbrellas, ride a long boat down a river.
A person with gray hair and a gray outfit is lying down on a bench.
Lifeguards gather at the Beach Patrol station.
Three soldiers are having a discussion in front of a playground, while others look on.
Three soldiers in fatigues are sitting around a table.
A man in military uniform points as three other men watch.
A woman is shaking hands with an American soldier.
Several men of Asian descent, along with US military members, are sitting in a lunch meeting, while talking informally and ordering their food.
Man in army uniform speaking to two asian men in suits.
Two women are smiling as they fish together, one with a net, and another with a fishing pole.
Three people with white gloves on picking up trash on a beach.
A woman and a boy sitting on a bus.
Two dogs running in a field in front of a house.
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
Man and a child at an exhibit booth looking at something.
Uniformed soldiers are in line in a cafeteria, receiving the food that they have chosen.
A member of the US Army accepts an award from an Asian man.
An asian man dressed in a white shirt and blue jeans gives a powerpoint presentation.
Military man shakes hand with a man in a suit as onlookers watch.
A child is trying to keep from falling off of a sheep in the rodeo ring.
A black car on the street behind wire mesh.
Two white girls holding up signs advertising for a car wash fundraiser.
Brunette woman running tongue over teeth.
A group of teens and a group of adult men talk amongst themselves in an outdoor area.
Three people are cleaning up a beach.
The man in the blue shirt is kissing a woman in front of a wedding cake.
A group of men in ethnic dress are dancing.
A silver car being driven in a parking lot, while crowds watch.
A man taking a daring leap while practicing his parkour
Three men react as a football flies overhead.
Two girls at a restaurant are eating.
A curly-haired kid is throwing axes at bulls' head painted targets.
A young boy holding a pumpkin in the middle of a pumpkin patch.
A couple is married in a church as guests look on.
The rugby players are competing for the ball with onlookers nearby.
A man wearing a hat is dancing around an area filled with light and graffiti.
A young boy in a blue jacket hula hoops.
A very large brown dog is playing with a smaller curly-haired dog.
A worker peers out from atop a building under construction.
Peeking through a doorway to see a man walking with a bike in the evening light.
A woman with sunglasses standing at a table with condiments.
A couple goes around the beach picking up garbage.
People at beach wearing gloves collecting trash
The family of a soldier walk beside him down a path full of leaves.
A black dog rolling in the green grass.
A group of people are on a covered area talking, and some of them are wearing volunteer for parks t-shirt.
Workers work to clean up debris on the beach.
A woman with straight brown hair and a green sweater is looking at another woman with pinned up hair and star-shaped earrings.
A man in a suit waits for the subway
A security guard in a blue shirt moving through an airport.
A woman intensely playing tennis in an all-white outfit.
A view from above of someone tending to trays of fish for sale.
A person above their surfboard on the water.
A show jumper is making a brown horse jump over a white fence.
Five people are looking at something interesting through a glass.
This artist in the res shirt chisels away at the stone to create a masterpiece.
A man is climbing the mountain.
A woman is reaching out of the shot and leaning over necklaces and jewelery.
A man doing a handstand outside of a garage.
An elderly person with a brick wall in the background.
Crowd sitting in a tent after a meal.
A young man does tricks with his bike on a course.
Two girls wearing bikins are standing in the lake.
A blond woman reads with a drink in hand and Oreos nearby.
Two football teams playing a game
A man wearing a black shirt and white shorts, along with three other people, are around a ping-pong table.
Three brown dogs on the patchy grass.
A brown dog is playing with a white fluffy stuffed animal.
A person is surfing a big wave.
Three men laugh as one falls to the ground holding a white ball.
Six young people are laughing and leaping into the air.
An enthusiastic crowd of people kicking a red ball around on a grassy field.
Soccer player wipes face with blue jersey.
There is a guy with headphones around his neck next to a guy in a hat looking off-screen.
Four young boys dressed in uniform play football.
This girl is outside, kicking leaves, in a field where there are trees in the background.
Two white bunnies are outside on the grass.
A young blond boy climbing on a playground.
A couple playing with a little boy on the beach.
Two little girls are playing in the fountains.
A husky dog running through a yellow tunnel at an obstacle course.
A group of people are standing in the sand trying to hold a large pole.
2 People with white hats looking over the mountain
A woman at the stove wearing a blue oven mitt takes a sip from her wine.
A dog jumps to catch an orange Frisbee.
Girl in blue tries to get a base runner number 11 out during softball game.
A man is playing with a black and white dog.
A middle-aged lady with glasses and a multi-color striped shirt is holding a newborn baby.
Two men sweeping and picking up a street covered in trash.
A man holding a white helmet is running on a street.
A group of school children practice dancing.
A boy is riding a plastic sled down a snowy surface.
Two young males watch another male skateboarding at a skate park.
A man in a sweatshirt and blue jeans is taking a nap on a bench.
A man in a black hat pushes against a giant rock.
A BMX biker flies in the air off of a ramp.
People crossing a bridge over a body of water at sunset.
Six men climbing a pole in the water, four men are shirtless and the other two are wearing shirts, one is white and one is blue.
A city street is shown with pedestrians and a man standing beside a food cart.
A group of kids are sitting next to each other on a green cloth trading materials.
The dog is jumping on to the couch
A person is climbing a wooden ladder on a very steep, jagged, rock cliff.
A orange, white, and black motorcyclist racing.
A man in a chef's jacket is seated at a white table and writing in a book.
A man on a motorcycle is silhouetted by the sunset.
A man on the subway holds his bags and looks at a book.
A blueish green car on a dirt road splashing water on the left.
Two girls riding on an amusement part ride.
A little girl wears her helmet while she rides her bike.
Three miners in a field searching for gold.
A news interview with a man
A man wearing an Astro Boy t-shirt and wearing a baseball hat is cleaning a pool.
A dune buggy goes down a hill.
The little girl in white is bouncing on a multicolored inflatable.
Firefighters attempt to put out a wildfire in New Mexico.
A businessman wearing a suit, appears to be upset, and he pinches his brow as he sits before multiple computer monitors.
Guy with blue shirt and glasses, frantically with arms outstretched communicates.
Three men, two wearing yellow suits, are looking in the back of a car.
A businessman in a yellow tie gives a frustrated look.
A car with a heavily damaged anterior is being pushed through the intersection by a few people and a police officer.
Three men are having a discussion behind a tow truck.
Two people look up from their microscopes in the middle of a crowd.
Man walking down a dirt road with stores on the side.
A man is receiving a kiss from a toddler while holding an infant.
A man in a blue jacket rubs his forehead.
Three men are doing a musical set with wires and equipment all over the stage, and they are holding unique guitar like instruments.
Group of women doing a presentation off an easel.
A white woman wearing white pants and a black top is waiting for the bus to come.
A young boy plays in the water by the ocean.
A man on a bike is wearing a helmet, logo shirt, and is pointing at you.
A man is trying to catch a baseball.
A man in a black t-shirt and blue jeans is pulling himself up with his arms on a big iron structure.
An Asian woman plays a drum.
One football player attempts to get the ball from another football player who is running.
A football player catching the football.
Many football players are running on the grassy field.
Person riding bike on dirt track in wooded area
A blond-haired girl is putting on a bike helmet with a sticker that reads "cool cats" displayed on it.
A motorcyclist doing a trick while in the air.
A man puts on some work gloves as people set up tables for an event.
A girl with pink hair is brushing herself.
A soccer participant is trying to hit a ball while an opposing team member runs behind him.
A blond woman walking a plaza in front of brightly colored buildings.
Three dogs are in a fenced yard and one is jumping off the fence.
A small tan dog is jumping over a chain linked fence.
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
Two elderly women walking across a street, smiling.
A man and a woman are preparing a meal.
Little boy scout leaning on a full outdoor table of Asian diners.
Asian police in blue uniforms are standing in front of a construction site.
Woman riding a dressed up horse on the road.
A woman with a hooded sweatshirt and bikini bottoms holding a camera at beach side.
Small child playing in grass near sprinklers.
Two blond dogs are standing together on a patio.
A man in mid - air while going down a sand-dune.
An old asian woman is sitting in front of a subway train and passengers are walking by her.
A woman is standing outside near many bicycles.
A young woman with blond-hair, wearing a gray dress, and red tights, listens to music as she walks briskly to her destination.
A little girl holding a tennis shoe.
A guy on a waterskiing board is doing a stunt.
A man is laying back while a man and woman look in his direction.
An asian man with a headband and face paint hard at work.
A person is on a ramp on a skateboard.
A little girl is dressed in a pink ballerina costume.
Several children practicing martial arts with wooden swords
An asian marching band with uniformed members in beige, yellow, and red play in the street.
Two men speaking in front of a red box statue.
Several people are riding on back and sides of a car.
Two asian women stand and talk by a street.
A group of high school students are walking along the sidewalk next to a building.
A bike mechanic is working on fixing his bike before the big race.
A woman sits on the floor, working on an Apple laptop.
A little boy wearing a green jersey playing soccer.
A white greyhound dog is wearing a red jacket with the number one printed on it.
Two young women snooze at their restaurant table.
An individual is scrapping the bottom of their right food with a blade they have in their hand.
A gray dog with a muzzle running.
Young boy doing the backstroke in a swimming competition for his school.
A little dog running between yellow poles.
A windsurfer falls off his boat in the ocean.
A mother sits with three children as they eat ice cream.
A clown with a red nose blows a bubble.
Two males on a street corner crooswalk with a billboard behind them.
A black dog with a red collar is walking through water.
The black dog is running on the grass.
A child in a striped shirt pets a white goat that is laying down.
A boy is jumping off a swing
A boxer with a red helmet has water sprayed into his mouth by his coach in the boxing ring.
Dirt bike rider jumping down the hill.
A white dog runs in the surf with his mouth open
Two men standing on red seesaws.
Two black dogs run in the sand by a pier.
A man in an orange shirt, wearing a headset is surrounded by food.
Women in purple outfit and man with red shirt using red teeter totter
A tackle in a football game.
Protesters in a city promoting the cause to stop hunger and war.
A woman in a blue skirt stands as the train passes by.
The two light colored dogs are pulling on a blue object that is in their mouths.
Two women jogging down the street.
The man is walking towards a group of people on a long dirt road.
A group of people that finished playing tennis.
Three people are on a white surface in front of a fenced in area.
A person performing a bodyless bicycle jump over dirt ramps.
A man in a blue long sleeves shirt and cloth wrapped around his head, getting ready to smoke.
Karate class is fixing to start.
The little girl in pink is eating a burrito.
A boy is posing next to his scooter.
A metal worker in a lift is cutting a rusty girder.
Someone is using two poles to hike on a mountain.
A woman swinging a tennis racket on an outdoor court.
A silhouette of one dog chasing another dog.
Tall man slightly dodging a bull in the center of an arena while other people look on.
A boy in a red hat admires a barely dressed woman.
A man standing on concrete outside wearing a red shirt and gray pants.
A man is at his job working Construction.
Several people are standing on a sidewalk near a man leaning against a pole.
A laughing woman wears a purple feathered hat and caution tape.
A family is playing in a pool and one of the young boys is shooting something with water.
A surfer vertical in a wave with another approaching him
A man in a black shirt, covered in paintball splatter, makes a face.
Four men working below a scaffolding around an open work site.
A man in blue and black surfs on a huge white wave.
A man rides a motorcycle on a track.
A little girl with a blue shirt is standing by a man wearing sunglasses on the beach.
A woman in a market sorting the lettuce.
A woman wearing a black tank top and a colorful skirt is looking at the available machines in a laundromat.
A group of people are gathered in a public area.
Two men trying to give directions and failing completely, confusing their victim in the process.
A man on a roller scooter holding on to rope
A crowd is looking at a shrine while holding their hands in the air
A lady in jeans and a jacket walks carrying her backpack over her shoulder.
A man standing on a beach is playing with two dogs.
Old man in black coat and hat sitting against brick building.
A guy wearing a gray shirt and an orange jumpsuit working on the railroad.
Military personnel with giant scissors standing under a 'Grand Opening' sign.
Two women sit next to each other at a table in a crowded restaurant.
A brown dog up to its neck in water
Two girls wait on the street while wearing tight, barely there clothing.
A man wearing a jeans jacket is smiling
A man jumps off a spring board and spins in the air with other athletes in the background.
Minivan drives down wet urban street at night, splashing water.
A woman, dressed in old fashioned clothing sews a piece of material as she sits in a wooden chair besides a red brick building.
2 kids holding hands and smiling.
Man following through on a bowling shot made in an alley.
A female hiker is looking at the view of some mountains.
A man in a black vest and a woman in a white jacket are running in a race.
A runner holds up an index finger while she runs.
A man and a woman are competing in a road rice.
A man and a woman, dressed in black and white, run a marathon.
A woman in a blue tank top and spandex shorts is running in a race and a man is catching up to her.
A runner dressed in red, white, and blue is running.
A bunch of race runners grouped together with red and blue balloons in the background.
Five women wearing skimpy red and black outfits pose.
The guy in the white jacket has a blue hat on.
Two girls with brown hair and blue shirts are clapping.
A brown dog runs over a dirt and grass background.
A man performs a back flip while preparing for an outdoor performance or competition.
A lady in a blue shirt is watching her three kids playing on the playground.
Three greyhounds are in a dog race at the track.
A woman in a dark blue hat and a windbreaker jacket jogging with headphones in her ears.
A middle-aged man participating in a marathon, running in a street.
A man with a number 12 on his chest is mid-stride while running a race.
A dirt bike takes a turn.
A man walking down the street is passing a brick door.
The white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth.
One man in a blue jersey is running holding a football
A woman with a yellow shoulder bag gives a man a massage.
A brown dog is running between two gray poles that are very close together.
A horse and rider, jumping a barrier on a course.
A middle-aged woman is vacuuming her kitchen floor with a canister vac.
A young couple lying in bed.
A girl walks towards some sheep in a grassy valley.
A lady and a man are nature lovers.
A smiling young woman in an orange jacket and jeans, walking down a hiking trail.
A man in a robe is standing near candles.
Two men and a woman are performing on stage in a "Thomas the Tank Engine" play.
One woman browsing the internet in the comfort of her home.
A man is flying down a flight of stairs on his skateboard.
Two men and three children are at the beach.
One man is holding a beer and the other is taking a bite of food.
A small black dog chews on fingers.
A little girl with blond-hair is outside playing with a small doll.
A guy in a blue shirt is sleeping on outdoors.
A man with glasses, a coat and scarf stands in front of a blue wall with an open book.
Young girls playing soccer.
A person is doing tricks on a bicycle in a city.
Someone having fun on their surfboard in the clear blue ocean.
A female drinking a frothy beverage from a large clear mug.
A group of people playing football form a big pile.
A dog wearing the number four runs in a race.
Person in a 3-wheeler driving on 2 wheels.
A small girl wearing pink sleeps on a man's lap as they ride in an airplane.
A skateboarder jumping in front of a building.
Greyhound dog in yellow jersey and running on a dirt track.
Male biker bikes through the woods.
A man dressed only in a towel is in a sauna.
PitBull holding a plaid dish towel in its mouth.
A lone bicyclist wearing a helmet racing in a race.
A man with a backpack crosses a busy street.
A man in a yellow and yellow shirt puts his arm around a man in a blue shirt.
A person swimming in a swimming pool.
Rollerblader in green shirt and hat, slides down a green handrail next to steps
Long-haired man in blue jeans carrying red bass drum above his head while talking on the phone.
A man jumping on the hard ground.
Man in jeans and sweatshirt jumping in air on wet surface that shows reflection.
Tourist that are taking a tour amongst natives in the rocky canyon.
A man with long brown hair is reading a map.
A sailor directs a group of people while they are on a boat.
People sit, eat, and relax in the shade.
A group of people, big and small, in a public place.
A young boy runs along a boardwalk towards a pigeon.
A group of people are picking up trash on a beach.
People watching a baseball game through the fence.
A large group of teenagers mill around on a patio.
A man walking on a beach that has trash.
People walk through what looks like a dry and ravaged field.
A man is working with hot metal parts.
Children wearing costumes sit in front of a iMac monitor.
Adults and children gathered outdoors under a slatted roof socializing
Two young boys are carrying a large object across a wooden deck.
Children are pulling on a rope.
Several young boys dressed in orange robes, standing with arms raised along side a river with boats.
An adult couple enjoys time in a hot tub.
Three children wait at a table for a cake to be sliced.
A group of people watching a large explosion.
An Indian woman stands knee deep in a body of water washing her clothes.
Profile of bride and groom cutting wedding cake.
Two young men perform martial arts in front of a basketball hoop.
People playing, basketball ball in air
Two men look on as a third puts laundry detergent in a washer.
A man does a jump trick on a bike.
A man hangs onto something as he is being pulled through the water.
A man in a red uniform jumping on a sports field
Woman wearing nun's veil eating a sandwich in a crowded area.
A race cars muffler catches on fire.
A woman is scooping ice cream at a table with candy and toppings on it in clear bowls.
A little boy playing on gymnastics equipment.
A man with a guitar in a band singing into a microphone.
A man standing against a building, in the sunlight, as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture
A dog jumps in the air next to a man on the beach.
Boys play soccer near a goal post.
A man wearing a t-shirt and baseball cap uses a shovel.
A group of people are sorting white and red bags.
A man in runner's gear is pushing a stroller down the beach.
An Asian woman holding a fan watches traffic go by.
A girl and guy in the middle of a field practice exercises.
A piece of cake is being served on a paper plate.
A little boy in a bathrobe sits on a bench near the shower in a bathroom.
A father and son enjoying lunch after a morning of shopping.
One brown dogs snarls at the other dog while they both are in the snow.
A man putting bundles of hay onto a cart.
A man on a motorcycle riding on a track and waving.
A man is taking a shower.
A girl with brown hair is getting her hair styled by a lady in a pink shirt.
Boy skating on skateboard, photographed from low angle.
A woman in nursing bra in bed asleep with a sleeping baby.
A biker does a trick on a ramp.
A man on a rough working on the rough made of straw.
Some children are sitting on rafts in a lake.
Boy skating on a railing in a parking lot.
There are numerous people sitting in gray chairs.
The man in the blue shirt held a knife and got ready to cut the sheet cake.
A four piece string band performing.
This little girl is laying in a pile of leaves.
Man working with metal and a burning fire at his side.
Surgeons observe a doctor in green scrubs performing a surgery.
One man sawing a tree and two men picking up debris.
Young man sitting on a blanket in the grass and eating a ribs.
Man paddling a yellow canoe on a river.
Woman in a field of tall grass and wildflowers holding up a yellow scarf
A woman sits against a wall in a fancy building.
Young man on a trick bicycle jumping off a masonry pyramid.
A dog staring at the end of an ice cream cone.
A bride and a groom are sitting by a tree smiling at one another.
A man and a woman are smiling
A man in black clothes standing on what appears to be a black locomotive.
Men in helmets walk down a crowded street at night.
A girl wearing yellow jumps over a red and green rope.
A little girl in a yellow dress is prancing down the sidewalk.
A man lying on a park bench with a bottle of alcohol next to him.
Two dogs play rough with each other indoors.
A bride and groom are dancing with each other with their backs turned to one another.
A newly married couple laughs during their reception.
Two young men wearing potato sacks pull a decorated cart down a street onlookers watch on the side of the street.
Some people are applying for something.
An old man sleeping in a wheelchair outside of a building.
Bearded man in a blue jacket walking down the street.
A boy is skateboarding in a skateboard park.
A woman is a little scared because a bird landed on her shoulder while she was in the warehouse.
The BMX rider wearing a black helmet gets air off of a jump.
Four kayakers on a moutain stream.
An artist wearing a red jacket and blue jeans painting on the street while wearing headphones.
A woman and a boy are sitting and eating at a table.
The woman is resting her head on her hand and sitting in a crowded area.
A mom is taking a picture with her two small daughters.
An old man in a blue shirt, working on a workbench.
A man wearing no shirt begins to jump from a drum into a crowd of others.
A man sits in a glider cockpit on the landing strip.
A person doing a leap with his bike over a hill
Two smiling, small children, one child holding the other on a swing.
Three guys looking out at the water with clouds in the sky.
Two people with white helmets on riding in a Yamaha red and black vehicle.
Two middle-aged men standing outside of a business that sells chairs.
An Native American in a red and blue dress sitting and picking at some green grass.
People with their faces painted for a celebration.
A group of people holds tennis rackets, and pose together near a tennis net.
A young girl walks alone while toting her bag.
Prarie dogs that are spotted with, brown black and white
3 Asians drawing characters on paper.
An older boy drinks from a water fountain while a younger boy watches.
A soccer team with green uniforms and their coach are huddling.
A man in a white shirt is leaning against a railing with a woman in a yellow shirt.
Two muzzled greyhounds dogs racing around a track.
Three men in casual dress sitting on a stone wall with one more standing near.
Skateboarder grinds a concrete railing.
A lot of people are walking on the street of big city.
Two dogs pee on the fire hydrant.
A woman hammers a piece of hot metal on an anvil.
A dirt biker leaps through the air.
Surfer does trick in wave as seen from behind
Pedestrians walk around cars on a busy street.
A man on a ladder repairs bronze shingles on the roof of a building.
Two friends are smiling and wearing large sombreros.
A little girl throws a pink and yellow chunk of chalk.
A man is working underneath a blue older model car.
A group of men take a rest after a long hike.
A man is sitting in a wagon with a donkey attached
Two construction men with white hats are sitting in chairs reading newspapers.
A sunset sky over rippling water.
The man in the green jacket performs a song for a crowd of people.
A group of people are watching a band perform.
A lot of people are listening to a man with a microphone.
A dog runs across the ground.
A man looks confused as he stands in front of a blue and white umbrella.
Young woman in a red shirt is playing with a chinese yo-yo.
A man on a white waterskiing ramp on a lake
Two people and a dog playing in the water with a ball.
Three construction workers are sitting around a fenced in area reading next to a sand castle.
Four women dancing at a party.
A young man and woman in shorts and t-shirts are playing a video game.
Motorcycle racers take a sharp turn.
A blond woman in a red top is sitting on a wall next to a kissing couple in jeans.
A small boy is playing at a water fountain
A man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades.
A little girl on a red jungle gym.
A group of tourists are walking down a paved trail.
The young men are having a good time at the beach.
A woman in a black cap is laying on the beach in a pink bikini.
A foreign county with children on moped.
The skateboarder in the white t-shirt is riding on a wooden ramp.
A middle eastern couple walking down the street.
Three people are in a room together and one man has an arm sling on.
A man in blue shorts walks up stairs.
Two men in a hospital, one is visiting the other is a patient.
An old man sitting in a chair, reading a book.
A waitress is performing in a restaurant with her arms spread out and a top hat in her left hand.
A man sitting on a couch smiling.
Two men and a woman sit, arms folded, by a window.
A nurse is taking care of a patient.
These are ladies and a man, in a bar, passing out something in a basket.
Two college football players about to face off.
A young boy staring at what appears to be a grasshopper as he holds it in his right hand by its leg.
The dog jumps to catch a flying disc.
A woman sits backwards on a chair in the middle of a field.
The soccer players are walking on the field.
A soccer player in a yellow shirt tossing the ball back.
The perfect view from behind a soccer goal post.
There is a stadium full of people watching sporting event with male players.
A little girl walks and laughs outside.
Fans watch as players rest between sessions in a football game.
A young girl in a black vest jumps.
A soccer team in navy blue running onto the field beginning a game.
A group of motocross racers lined up to start.
A guy on Rollerblades, sliding across a rail.
A man is nibbling on an ear of corn
A man and a woman walking with two women sitting in the background.
Group of people dressed in black crossing city street
The dog on the right is baring his teeth at the other two dogs.
A man adjusts music on an audio mixer.
Two elderly women can be seen from a car talking next to a wall.
Three men are banging on metal barrels.
A small child wearing a pink hat, blue jeans, and white shirt standing in a grass field.
Two football player are in the kick off position in front of a crowd.
A woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall.
Three men working together to clean a uniquely designed ceiling.
A man in a striped shirt is taking a picture while a man rides a bike behind him.
The group in traditional clothing is playing instruments.
This picture shows a group of soldiers in body armor with red shields
A football player carries the ball during a game.
A skateboarder flies thorugh the air while others watch.
A dirt biker lands on a ramp.
A black dog runs on the shore while a light brown dog jumps up to catch a stick.
A black dog catches a Frisbee at a park.
A young man jumps with a surfboard over the waves.
An Asian man in a polo shirt repairs a tennis shoe.
A person wearing a straw hat, standing outside working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground.
A man being struck during some form of martial arts competition.
A young man blocks a kick during a sparring match, while judges stand by.
Two people fighting in a karate competition with judges watching.
A boy in shorts stands next to a jet of water.
A few black guys talking to a girl.
An old man sits outside an open doorway on a low stool
Two men with paddles in the water.
A man is talking on a cellphone next to a car parked in a dark alley.
Two people, one on the phone, in front of a train.
A man is climbing on a metal support in the bleachers of a large arena, at a crowded sporting event.
A man rides a pinkish motorbike on a hill.
This man is a union employee making 95,000 a year mopping floors for the government.
A woman playing bass guitar on stage with her band.
An old man with a long gray beard sits on a stoop with two other men.
Four men standing behind cash register and tip jar.
A group of women are all wearing orange bikina tops and orange saroog skirts.
A person dressed in blue performing a back flip.
A woman in a black dress and high heels is getting onto a bicycle.
A group of young adults on bikes
A man in a striped shirt selling green and yellow melon out of the back of a pick up.
Two dogs play in a field.
A dog attempts to pick up a large tire with its mouth.
Two adults and a child wait to cross a street.
A woman in a suit and gloves is conducting a small orchestra in a bright room.
Older man painting a picture of ancient ruins in the background.
A man is bent over working on a red vehicle.
A man is working on electronic equipment.
A group of workers are doing some construction work.
Workers run a hose next to a house.
A construction worker operates a cement mixing truck while talking on a cellphone.
Musicians are practicing as directed by a director.
Two men cyclists examining the chain on a bike at night.
An adorable young child looking up into the light.
A brunette male toddler is sitting in a sink and holding a toothbrush.
A man is climbing a cliff high in the air.
A young boy is holding on and riding a zip line down a hill.
A man jumps off a rock into the water
An old balding man is writing on a piece of paper on a table.
A man works on a large vehicle.
Men are working by a cement mixer.
Two men are kneeling on a sidewalk.
A little girl and boy dressed in red eat cereal out of purple bowls.
A young blond boy smiling standing on a staircase
Two women sitting on a couch with red and white pillows with canes beside them both.
Little boy surrounded by a pile of leaves.
A tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore.
A soccer player leaps sideways in the air to kick the ball.
Two red dogs running in green grass by a fence.
Young boy using a vacuum cleaner on a rug.
Woman with glasses working at a sewing machine.
Person on a skateboard in the air
Two children grin and hug each other.
A man standing on a sand dune and reaching to the sky.
A tri-colored dog is running on the green grass.
A group of backpackers take a break under a nearby tree.
A soccer player is making a kick.
A small girl chases a pink ball over the gravel driveway.
A boy in blue is riding his bike in a skate park.
There are many children working on different activities in the classroom.
A man with an umbrella sits on a bench in a public area.
A girl with a yellow EL Dorado Elementary School shirt on showing the size of something using her fingers.
A black and gray dog is playing with a blue ball outside.
A group of people launch an air rocket in front of a marina.
Older woman in striped dress, white jacket, walks down street with shopping bags.
Person's foot resting on fluffy black dog.
The nurse is all dressed in white walking on a street.
A dog swims in a pool while another watches.
A young Asian child eats red sweet bean paste.
Two men put their arms and legs out to the side.
A man with a lot of jewelry and punk rock clothes poses against a brick wall.
A dog splashing in a small pool with a small football.
Blond girl in pink and white dress swinging.
One child sitting in a stroller, wearing a stethoscope.
Two women stand in the sand in their bikinis.
An old man and his dog are standing otuside with a cart.
Two construction workers, one holding a yellow piece of metal, and the other holds tool.
A group of construction workers walk past a building under construction.
A lady with a brown dress on is holding a glass and a cigarette in the middle of a room full of people.
A man trying to break the world record for hanging upside down.
A man sitting on a curb in a city park.
A man with no shirt is playing tennis.
A man is standing wearing cargo pants, an orange hard hat, and yellow safety vest.
Three people on a cliff are looking out at the water below.
A brown dog is nibbling at the white dog's face.
A band of musicians standing on the street.
A young female cheerleader dressed in a blue uniform is cheering in front of a group of band members.
Big black dog and kitten curiously looking at the wooden weave basket.
A young girl jumps in the air in front of a white house.
An older man with glasses wearing a black jacket and black hat.
A motorcycle rider turns the motorcycle on its side while racing.
A woman plays an instrument while many people watch her.
A group of young ladies walking down a street in a tourist area.
A man talking while a lady is working out.
A boy performing tricks on a brick wall with a skateboard.
Two small children are gathering water from a large container.
A man is sitting on a chair, while many people walk in front of him.
A man on a cellphone wearing a cowboy hat and a blue and white shirt is standing on a curb.
A young man clad in a jersey and shorts watches some Ultimate Frisbee players in action.
A cyclist is performing a jump by some trees.
A toddler in stripy pants is reaching for a white stove in a red floored kitchen.
Semi-pro martial artist practices his most powerful moves.
A man wearing a white cap and white sweatshirt working on a roof.
A woman smiles from inside a red tent that is surrounded by snow.
A white and black dog runs on the grass.
Five people are sitting on horses at a rodeo.
Two climbers are sitting on top of a mountain attached to ropes.
A couple women perform in the street for a crowd of people.
Two ladies in tutus dancing in the street.
A couple acting like they are swimming in front of a fish cutout door.
A woman with matching light blue t-shirt and headscarf sits on a chair made of stone.
Four children playing in water spouts.
A dog chases a ball that has dropped in the water.
A child with sunglasses and a shirt filled with dirt.
Children, including one with a painted face, pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass.
A man is riding a horse as people watch.
A group of people at a rodeo watching a cowboy being thrown from a white horse.
A group of teenagers play music at an outdoor event.
People gather to drink and talk outside the door of a building.
A cute puppy fetches a yellow ring chew toy in the yard.
A young girl, in a stars and stripes bathing suit, does a back flip on the beach.
A group of people gather in front of a red house.
Two couples are passionately embracing on a beach, while an elderly couple looks on from above.
A man riding a black and white bull while people with cowboy hats on are watching.
A man, wearing cowboy attire, is riding a horse in a rodeo, while a crowd behind a barricaded fence surrounds him.
Two bike riders standing with 3 bikes parked at the car.
Three men, two with shirts, one without working on the roof of a house.
Man with helmet performing a trick while rollerblading.
An older man in a blue and white shirt plays a saxophone.
A football fan showing his devotion by painting his face.
The two people wearing green are sitting down and surrounded by empty seats.
Two children are playing on the beach and the girl is jumping.
A motocross rider is on a dirt hill.
An oriental woman working on an industry line.
An older women with gray hair and glasses, taking a nap in bed.
Old man cleaning the sidewalk outside a shop.
A child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow.
A young girl in pink is sitting on the ground.
A person leaning on the back of a bus, while two other people lie in the street.
Twos small brown monkeys on a wall fighting with each other.
A woman in a black dress rinsing out a rag in a blue bucket.
A motorcyclist is leaning into a curve with his motorcycle
Little girl in a pink Hello Kitty shirt is jumping.
A man is showing three kids sitting at a table shadows.
The black and white dog is herding the sheep.
A boy bouncing on a trampoline.
A large brown dog and a small gray dog on a rocky surface with weeds behind them.
Four office workers are working on a project.
A black and brown dogs pulling a red leash.
One man on a lift and another man on the roof of the building watching.
A white dog on a leash is wearing a yellow jacket.
Men playing a game in red uniforms
A downtown city were a person is leaning up against a building while on his cellphone.
A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water.
A little girl is about to jump into a mud puddle with her flower rain boots.
A man jumps from a rock into the water.
A person in blue climbs up a very tall cliff, attached by red and blue ropes.
Boy in orange jersey has the football and is being tackled.
A hockey player in black and white collides with another player wearing blue.
A woman and child play in a snow covered yard.
A line of cheerleaders in blue costumes wait to perform.
A group of girls in blue outfits.
The man in the red overalls stands on the sidewalk.
Four boys are playing at a wooden playground.
A man in a brown dress standing in sand.
Local people trying to sell goods street side.
A man and a girl are both looking at something of interest.
Cheerleaders wearing blue walk onto the football field.
Cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football goal post.
Cheerleaders show symmetry as they prepare to perform.
One football player holding the ball is chased by another football player from the opposing team
Church members watch a pastor give a sermon.
A young woman in a pink shirt standing on stairs smiles at the beautiful pink flowers.
A boy shovels manure into a fire while a man looks towards the camera.
A dog swimming along the ocean with a bark in its mouth.
A young girl wearing black boots holds onto the fence and has a lollipop.
A woman helping a little girl pick out and read a book.
Orange dog walks in shallow water.
Two men working with wood on a dirt floor.
Two men hanging around a construction site.
Two Dobermans fighting or playing together on a lawn.
A man wearing a hat inspects the tattooed arm of another man.
Woman with green shirt and blue bag standing at a crosswalk.
Women playing volleyball in the sand near the ocean.
A young lady in a striped shirt is waiting for the young lady with blond-hair who is writing.
Girl riding a bike on a street near many stores.
A young boy is hanging head down in a tire swing with gravel beneath it.
An elderly woman is working at a concession stand.
A young man jumps up off his skateboard on the street in front of a house.
A small girl riding on a yellow plastic toy car.
A man walks into a transportation station and two officers in neon jackets stand guard.
A man performs a skateboard trick.
A girl in a pink dress is standing on her head.
A black and white dog leaps through the water.
A brown dog is running through water carrying a ball in its mouth.
Large white dog running on grass
A man is holding a guitar with a light shining behind him.
A woman in a blue suit is addressing others in a file room.
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.
Two men skateboards at high speed.
Two girls in red soccer uniforms running after a soccer ball.
Two houses and fire
A brunette woman wearing dark glasses and a red blouse is eating.
The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel.
Four people rollerskating with spectators in the background.
A man in a dark shirt and glasses holds a microphone.
There is a lady towing her suitcase behind her down the road.
A man and a woman are entering a bus and paying toll.
A sculptor chipping away at marble to create a statue.
A man jumping from one building to another closeby
A biker doing a somersault with the bike in front of a crowd.
People play in the fountain on a sunny day.
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog in front of 2 women.
A man sitting on a bus bench while listening to music.
Men and women in swimsuits sit outside of a log sweat lodge with trees in the background.
A large group of bicycles racing on the street
Three children all wearing capri pants and long-sleeved hooded jackets anxiously await a train.
A girl singing and dancing with a pink hat on.
A man with a white hat, white shirt, and black apron is grilling meat.
A black dog in the water.
A goalie dives to prevent the ball from going into the goal.
A man is jumping into a screened-in outdoor pool.
A worker sweeps the road as a machine drives in front of him.
A girl in black dress and orange jacket.
Two children play in a pile of unspooled toilet paper.
A person is walking in a city with a group of birds.
A person wearing a helmet begins to ride a skateboard down a street hill.
A police officer is standing patrol at the corner near a red fire hydrant.
A man is riding a mountain bike on a woodland trail.
People cheer as a bicyclist rides his bike off a ramp
An elderly Asian man is looking at a camera in a large gathering of people.
Several people cooking at a grill in a kitchen.
A person wearing a clown mask is scratching his or her chin.
A crowd watches the start of a drag race at twilight.
A yellow truck with Casterol branding leads a white truck and blue truck down the road.
Large brown dog is jumping over a smaller black dog.
A boy in a green and blue shirt is sitting inside an earth digger.
A man looking at produce.
A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball.
The man in the straw hat smokes a cigarette.
A crane flying just above a body of water
Young female meditating in the woods, wearing work clothing and a bicycle helmet.
A man with short black hair in a yellow shirt looking at a large piece of cut fish.
Worker sawing a large fish with a band saw.
A white dog wearing a red collar jumps up after a red Frisbee.
A man in orange shorts moving really fast
The grownups are smiling as a child plays with some rocks on the ground.
A man in a red shirt works on a white sculpture.
The man wearing a blue shirt has dreadlocks and sunglasses.
The black dog in the field has something in its mouth.
This is a night view of a city street with people and traffic.
Two men watch a third man grill meat.
A man prepares some fish in a navy blue apron.
A man in a hat is working on a roof.
A girl takes a picture of her friend who is leaning on a picnic table.
Woman diving into deep end of a swimming pool.
A overweight male is playing electric guitar while wearing a white hat.
Two musicians practicing for a performance.
A man on a bicycle jumps over jagged rocks amongst tall pine trees.
Mother and child on a walk in a park.
Two men with rags over their face are running down a street with something on fire.
A white race dog wearing the number eight runs on the track.
A man dressed in a red coat, white pants, and black boots is sitting on a horse at an amusement park.
A woman is holding a baby and smiling.
A man rides a green motorcycle on a wet racetrack.
A mother and her child posing for a photo.
A woman in a shawl is holding her child that is wrapped in a colorful blanket.
A man and his cattle pulling a cart in the street.
A small brown and white dog catching a Frisbee at a competition.
A dog shews on a big stick.
Two men wearing hats stand on the tree-lined sidewalk near a building.
A man and a woman in hats near a flight of stairs.
Two men are in a blue and white speed boat.
A young girl is on a swing up high with a sunset behind her.
There are two young people with backpacks on and then are standing next to a hiking trail.
A man sits and rubs his chin.
A woman with a bag talks to a man on a bicycle near a street.
People are strolling and conversing on a sidewalk in front of a hospital.
A young man in tan shorts and green shirt is falling off his bicycle.
The soccer player in red is trying to block the player in white.
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
Woman at salon with black hair under drying helmet.
Nine men are playing a game in the park, shirts versus skins.
Little boy wearing blue snoopy hat.
Players on a football team scuffle in an attempt to get the ball.
A man rides a motorcycle with his dog in the sidecar.
A brown and white dog goes into water while looking back.
Four black dogs running over grass.
The man on the bike just finished riding through some mud.
A toddler is sitting while holding some corn in his hands.
A boy on a chained swing looks to the right and smiles.
A man and women looking at magazines in a window.
A woman standing in front of a store with her arms crossed.
A person lies on the grass with a shopping cart nearby.
A man wearing sunglasses stands in front of band equipment holding a guitar.
Dog jumps over red and white pole while boy looks on
A man in a blue shirt, jumping down a hill in a park.
A guy in a black shirt jumps into the air on a walking bridge.
A man in a brown jacket and beige cap is drinking from a Styrofoam cup.
A white and black dog leaps into water.
A young man in a blue shirt holding a device to his mouth and making a party gesture.
A man in a black shirt and red tie holding a drink.
A man in a cap and shorts sits on a metal bench reading a newspaper.
Woman, with two children playing in outdoor fountain.
Two men are looking at meat that is set out on a table while taking notes.
A man with a pen and paper checking stock.
A man with a bucket of red paint is labeling fish sections with numbers.
A man in a red jacket with jeans on balancing at a bowling alley.
A little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm.
A woman with a camera looks out over rolling hills.
A man is kayaking through some white waters.
Kids are jumping on a blue rimmed trampoline.
Six men in blue jumpsuits and a man in an orange jumpsuit walk by a shipyard.
A man is wearing an executive attire while looking something.
Five women in dresses standing in a lobby talking.
Two men on horses chasing an animal at a rodeo.
The girl is swimming with only her head above the water.
Children playing with a soccer ball near a goal net.
The black and brown dog jumps in the air to catch the ball.
A farmer fertilizing his garden with manure with a horse and wagon.
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.
Child with swim goggles with face submerged halfway
A couple, a man and a woman, are sitting on a rock looking at the ocean.
A dog lays on a mattress on the porch.
A group of people carrying something wrapped in an american flag.
Adults and children frolic on the shoreline of a beach.
A lady and two small children are sitting on a park bench with pigeons at their feet.
Woman holding her son on the busy streets.
Picture of a red wagon and a little boy riding his bike in front of a brick building.
A brown dog digging for a ball in the sand
A person wearing Rollerblades jumps over a yellow gate.
Firetrucks line both sides of a busy two-way road.
A dark-skinned young girl is having her sneakers polished by a shoeshine boy in India.
A child in a red shirt climbs on play equipment.
People in costume and hats pose with American flags and fingers held up with the number three.
Girls in red bikinis do a dance routine at the 2008 Olympics.
A woman standing in a red bikini on a outdoor sand volleyball court.
A group of people hold up three fingers.
A man serves a volleyball on the sand court at a volleyball competition.
Man with t-shirt and khaki shorts kneels on the ground.
A married couple walk up flights of old stone stairs.
A man is wearing a hat and a white shirt.
Two older men work to repair a stone fence near a cottage.
A blond woman holds an umbrella over a race car driver.
A group of people are standing in a room with skylights.
A man with a hat taking a photo with his camera, while a passerby looks annoyed.
Three people are standing in front of a Beijing 2008 sign.
A crowd gathers around a woman clasping her head
An Asian athlete in a bright jacket is questioned by numerous reporters wearing rain jackets.
People standing around on sand in the rain.
A man in a yellow raincoat waves the chinese flag during a rainy event.
A group of people at an olympic event.
A shirtless man is doing work on a roof.
The men in the Gators helmets have their arms wrapped around each other.
A person climbing a rock while others are standing around and watching.
A man in a striped shirt chopping mushrooms.
A woman in a floral dress walks down the street past her reflection.
A girl in a red jacket laughs at the camera.
The white and brown dog is running through the grass.
An woman, wearing a straw hat, is presenting a variety of goods.
A young boy appears to be hammering metal on top of an anvil.
Three boys play in an unfinished building.
Two people stand elbow deep in the ocean, watching the sunset.
A man standing outside of a shop on the street.
Two woman sitting under a L.E.D. sign of a person walking.
Four toddlers are being entertained by an accordion player.
There is a man wearing a red shirt and brown shorts jumping up to hit a tennis ball with a racket.
A man and women are out at Farmosa looking at menus as they chat.
A young boy and an older woman sitting at a brown table in a blue room.
A child plays in a pool while wearing orange floaties.
Two brown dogs play in a snowy field.
A man wearing black stands with three woman who have blond-hair.
A young man wearing the AIDS WALK t-shirt is standing and typing on the laptop.
A person is surfing on a wave while another person heads towards it.
Two men inspecting and fixing the tire of a red framed, yellow forked bike with the bike seat towards the ground.
Two poodles playing with a red toy.
A woman is writing in a journal, while sitting on a bench at a coffee shop.
A man with sunglasses in a pink shirt.
A man is yelling at someone from a game booth.
Entertainers at a Renaissance Fest being watched by spectators.
A boy in a blue shirt and goggles is standing by a tree.
A man atop a horse smiling at the camera below a set of mountains.
A man with a black mustache cuts meat with a large knife.
An orange boat leaves the shore while a person watches nearby.
A man wearing a gray cap, gold jewelry and winter attire looking at something in the distance.
Workers repair a section of road.
Old woman in white hat sits on a crate and looks at shirts on a table.
A girl climbing a rock face.
Two children wearing martial arts gear fight on a blue mat.
Black dog jumping into the air to catch a Frisbee.
A black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a white Frisbee.
A little dog plays with a colorful ball in the sand.
A woman opens a gift while standing in a dining room that has been festively decorated : her face is obstructed by one of the decorations.
A dog is playing catch on the grassy plain
A man walking along a road next to a blue building and red stop sign.
A large group of people are at a beach.
A man with no shirt is climbing a rock ledge.
Graffiti covers most open space in this picture.
In a large city, many people gathered around a large reflective oval shaped piece of art.
A child prepares to do battle with a carnival attraction.
A man and a woman dancing in front of paintings hanging on a wall.
An Elton John looking fella playing an instrument on stage.
People watch as a dog scales a wooden wall in a grass field.
A football player prepares to throw the ball.
A tan dog jumps over a purple and green gate.
A man is seen coughing in a crowded street.
Two dogs, one brown and the other black, play in the surf in the shallow ocean water.
The little boy is about to walk into the sprinklers.
A football player, his helmet half off, looking at the ground.
A caucasian male and his son having bonding time.
Two toddler boys sharing a baby swing at dusk.
The mother watches her baby play with the sunglasses by the window.
Three white children playing with LEGO and toy trucks on the carpet.
A young boy in a blue shirt plays with a toy truck.
Two women buying a product that the one woman in the green toboggan is selling.
Person in silhouette takes a picture of a large clock.
People sit and relax next to a pool in a plaza.
A woman with a tattoo is playing the saxophone.
A bald man in a red shirt performs in front of a crowd.
The man is training a dog to zigzag through poles.
Young girl wearing pink hat and jacket and blue shirt jumping in puddles
School sale to help earn money for trips.
A black and white dog carries a white Frisbee over the grass.
A man sits with his foot on a pole and smiles.
Two unhappy-looking older people looking past the camera, the male holding a book and the woman wearing a fur coat.
Two kids ride an amusement park ride.
This is a woman in a yellow coat looking for something she dropped while her male companion stares at the camera.
A boy on his bike stops and looks back at the cameraman.
A woman is sitting at the beach covered by a lot of seaweed.
A woman in a red dress playing an instrument.
A young man and woman both in brown shirts sitting and laughing.
Two men speak in a club with green curtains.
A worker straddles the beams of a building being constructed.
A young woman holds her friend's bicycle for him while he pulls out his skateboard.
A woman is preparing food at the store.
Three people, tow of them women, are on a beach wearing casual summer clothing.
A young man wearing a top hat and tracksuit is sitting in the drivers seat of a petty cab.
A young man sits on a couch and smokes.
There is a woman, several men, and several children on a sidewalk where produce is being sold.
Two people waiting at a bus stop.
The black dog catches a toy in its mouth while running in the field.
People standing on a beach, one under a green umbrella
A group of people stand in the dirt near two station wagons, with some sacks in the back of a station wagon and other sacks piled on the dirt.
Three women down the street with trees in the background.
A little girl sits at a table outdoors and eats watermelon.
A dog running down a dirt track.
The short-haired dog is running across a grassy yard.
Two children look down squeezing through a fence.
A young man in glasses is drinking beer and holding the 10 of clubs to his forehead.
A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him.
A guy wearing a red coat, white jodhpurs and black boots jumps his gray horse over poles during a steeplechase competition.
A young monk in red and orange is sweeping the floor.
An older man sits at a workbench while carving his art.
An older man gets ready to get his haircut at a barber.
A boy and a man who seems to be the boys father work on an art project together.
Two men and a woman are sitting on a bench with a clown.
Four young girls playing in the water.
There is a man skateboarding and another nan jumping over his head.
A man sits on a pile of rugs by a building while three more men and a woman stand nearby.
A car is in the water
A person in a striped fleece clips a carabiner onto a metal line.
A long-haired guy doing a backflip on the trampoline.
A little boy in a dark t-shirt and jeans is taking great enjoyment standing near an outdoor fountain.
Six little girls are sitting on a cement hill.
A group of children playing in the water fountain.
A white cart doing a wheeling down a race course.
The dog is running around a white and pink pole.
A dog at a competition runs down a ramp.
The dog jumps over the high jump bars in a dog show as the owner looks on.
Someone feeds a strawberry to a turtle.
A man in pink t-shirt is singing a song
Two young girls are smiling and laughing.
A young man relaxing his legs on a pice of machinery
A man wearing jean is flying a kite near the shore.
The vehicle is crossing a stream of water, in a wooded area.
A person in a field looks through a telescope while a blue car approaches or waits.
A policeman stand outside on the street with his hands in his pockets.
A small dog catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
A young child runs along a beach as birds fly among him.
People stand on top of a red tourist bus
A female singer sings passionately while the back-up guitarist plays in the background.
A young male is sipping on a juice.
A grandmother is watching her daughter and grandson play with trains in a living room.
A woman is carrying a young boy, while laughing with a man wearing a gray t-shirt.
A closeup of a small boy smiling while holding onto some playground equipment.
Man wearing glasses and a green shirt, performing a task on a computer.
A man with black hair and a brown shirt creates portraits of people.
A maintenance worker is climbing into his green truck.
A person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle.
People in an auditorium waiting for something to start.
A man wearing a brown leather vest and a woman dressed in red and black holding one another.
A boy is walking through a parking lot filled with cars.
Two dogs are jumping up at each other in a grassy field.
A girl is opening a present while a young boy in blue pajamas watches.
A female softball player dramatically slides into a plate as the baseman stands poised to catch the ball.
A man and woman jumping off of a boat into blue waters.
People seated at long tables all facing the same direction, some writing and some watching.
Two construction workers sitting on some pipes while one waves, obscuring his face.
Two men in silly glasses sit on the floor.
A brown dog is carrying a wet stick on the shore of the ocean.
Kids wearing shorts playing outside in the park with sprinkling water.
Two little boys riding their bikes in the street.
A man wearing glasses and a green shirt practices playing a stringed instrument indoors.
Man shooting picture of women at the beach.
A man wearing a construction hat and vest walking in front of a stopped big red semi in a forested area.
Man with orange hard hat, driving a construction vehicle and waving.
A little kid climbs a red mat on a festive carpet.
A child wearing a hat is standing on a beach looking out at the ocean.
Here is a picture of students in a classroom taking a computer test.
A man in a blue shirt taking a picture of a mountain.
A boy in a yellow tank top runs away from a crashing wave.
An old man rides a bicycle on a country road.
Men in hard hats working with a large gold machine doing roadwork.
A dog tries to drink water from a sprinkler.
Someone in a blue shirt writing on a part of a newspaper.
A man with hat on builds a house.
A woman serves a cup of soup from a large pot of soup.
A woman in an orange jacket is talking on her cellphone.
Small boy in a green shirt is buried up to his waist in sand.
People going up an escalator in the mall.
Child playing with a hula hoop on a cement driveway in housing alotment.
Boy wearing swim trunks holding goggles and running
A little boy with brown hair jumped off of a brown chair onto the floor.
A group of people in bathing suits pose for a picture.
A young child wearing a blue top is on a blue toy.
Two dogs either fighting or playing together.
A small, smiling boy in a blue safety helmet and yellow shirt is riding his scooter on a sidewalk.
The boy in red goggles swims underwater.
Three newscasters, two men and a woman, are sitting at the news desk and laughing.
A man is using a chainsaw to carve a wooden sculpture.
A small white dog has on a leash and is walking next to a fence.
A cheerleading squad poses for a picture in front of full bleachers
A man in an orange safety vest is addressing several other men in a forest.
A brown and white dog looking into a pool at a tennis ball.
A woman in a cow patterned apron and faux cheese top hat cuts real cheese.
Two men are roasting marshmallows outside at a campfire.
At night, a young man is sitting near a table containing aluminum foil, chocolate, and crackers.
Girl regains composure in a sunset with a man in the background
A dog runs in a yard with a deflated ball in its mouth.
Man and boy with backpacks on a hiking trail.
Closeup of bartender (women) grabbing a glass inside the bar.
A man is looking out through wooden bars, which he is holding in his hands.
A fit beach volleyball player is preparing for a bump.
A woman writes a note for an older woman.
A man dressed as an indian with two dogs standing and talking to a group of people by some hay.
A young boy screams on a roller coaster.
A group of men dressed up like pirates stand outside The Cheesecake Factory with signs.
An airwoman is checking on an elderly woman.
A pack of dogs are running away down a trail.
A young boy standing between a wall and several large boulders.
A child wearing a blue shirt and blue pants is standing in a park.
A young boy is opening a present.
A girl in a red shirt colors as she stands at her desk.
A soccer player is running on the field
A man handles his near empty drink while laughing at something on the other side of the table.
A little boy standing in very tall green grass.
The lady has a gorgeous white dress paired with a beautiful white high-heeled shoes.
Two women play volleyball on the sand.
A boy dressed in green rides a video motorbike game in front of ski ball machines.
A woman with red-hair is holding two cats.
A man in a straw hat is digging with a shovel.
A pole vaulter is about to launch off the floor with his pole.
A woman is doing gymnastics while a man takes a picture of her in midair.
The guy in a striped shirt is playing his electric guitar.
A man in a white t-shirt watching a dog do a back flip
A blond-haired girl plays on a blown-up bouncy toy.
A woman wearing a striped top stands near the stuffed animal prizes.
Several men and women are enjoying food outdoors.
Two men are standing in front of a protest sign resting on a red electric box.
Person holding a guitar with religious images and reflective stickers on the front.
A group of women in white robes walk through the grass.
Two people here are wearing something around their necks.
A window washer in a blue shirt soaps up the windows.
A woman in a white shirt is wearing goggles.
Two men are standing in front of a cash register with several items.
A woman sitting down to have a meal is being pointed at.
A boy tries to keep his balance while standing on two floating devices while two others watch.
Bmx biker Jumps off of ramp
A player kicks the soccer ball from the corner of the field.
Three guys are in the middle of doing back flips.
Two dogs wearing racing equipment are running on muddy ground.
A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball.
A child is wearing a paper hat and eating at a diner.
An old woman in a scarf is in the city.
Man on a tall unicycle, who is wearing bright yellow shirt, red bandanna and camouflage pants is juggling 3 pins while people watch.
A Budweiser-sponsored race car accelerates quickly with smoke behind it.
The little boy wearing the blue shirt is eating with chopsticks.
A young boy jumping off of a playground toy.
Two people are dressed in leotards performing.
A woman in white is doing acrobatics.
A red-haired clown cries streams of tears in a white hat on stage.
A man wearing a blue helmet is on a motorcycle.
A casino dealer and a couple are smiling at the camera.
There is a concert going on.
A band of four guitarists and a drummer perform on stage.
A woman whips her hair out of the water.
A group of kids stand in a row holding sticks and swords.
A doctor checks the heartbeat of a young girl.
Three black dogs are on a beach.
An adult playing checkers with a young blond-haired boy.
An overweight man wears a protective hat and gloves.
This person is wearing a welding mask.
Blond man with white button up shirt in front of two red-haired women, one is using a microphone the other wearing headphones.
A man on a lawn mower drives past a car.
A white dog runs toward the camera.
A policeman in a leather jacket stands by his motorcycle.
A woman in a brown shirt and a tiara is talking on a phone.
A woman is waving her hand from an apartment window.
Two men and a woman stand together on a wet street wearing jackets, hats, and the woman carries an umbrella.
A dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on
Three young men playing a game of Monopoly in which two of them are physically arguing.
A ring bearer carrying a rung on a pillow at a wedding.
A man and a woman are on their knees at the front of the aisle getting married.
Two small brown and white dogs stand together.
A group of oriental dancers are performing in a parking lot.
A blond-haired woman is sitting down next to a pile of backpacks.
A woman with shoulder length hair sits on a sidewalk wearing a blue striped shirt and high heels.
A wedding ceremony in a church.
A man with glasses on kisses a female on the forehead.
A group of people surrounded by trees, take a hay ride together in the sunshine.
A man in a blue ball cap and wearing no shirt working on a roof.
A group of police officers outside a city building.
A smiling boy hangs onto a zip-line structure at a playground.
The black dog jumps out of the water with something in its mouth.
An older man in a blue suit is walking out of a building with the name "Grace" on the front of it.
A woman in a striped sweater is standing on a hill.
Two young girls jump off or over a concrete barrier in an inner city park.
A knight on horseback and another man reenact a medieval scene for a group of spectators.
Two middle eastern men dressed in white robes are playing a large guitar and a bongo.
A man in a log coat edging the grounds.
4 string instrument playing men sit on a black stage playing their instruments from their music stands.
Man spiking volleyball over net with other player in front of him.
Child yelling and walking across sand, another figure and ocean in background.
Crowd of people sitting outside on green grass.
A group of adults holding musical instruments, they do not appear to be playing the instruments.
Girl in dress hanging on orange rails
A young boy in a white shirt with a rubber mallet.
The brown dog is running through a field, with a ball in its mouth.
A young girl in a pink bikini laughs at the bottom of a water slide.
A man stands in front of a slide show and gives a presentation.
A man in a gray tank top wearing a straw hat singing into a mic playing a guitar.
A man that looks like a statue on the sidewalk.
One male and two females (both in swimsuits) are standing next to a sand castle at the beach.
Sidewalk vendor dressed in white shirt brown pants sells grilled corn.
A man in a white shirt and gray pants is working in an outdoor clothing store.
Young child is splashing and playing at the beach.
A young woman in a black bikini brushes her long brown hair at the beach.
A balding man sits on the sidewalk leaned against a bunch of woven blankets.
There is a teenage boy sitting in what appears to be some kind of rickshaw, while the driver points to him from behind.
A man uses his sell phone near some hanging rugs.
Five people are wading and swimming at the edge of a river or lake.
A man is standing beside a black folding chair.
A horse is jumping two rails with a rider wearing a green jacket.
Two people stand against a wall after a workout.
A man is walking in the street with sunglasses on top of his head.
A weiner dog catches a blue and yellow tennis ball.
A young women with long brown hair, plays a black guitar, left handed.
A young couple staring in front of the ocean.
This boy is spreading his arms while playing in the water.
There's a large group of people on stage holding flags.
A gray-haired woman in a yellow shirt sitting under a blue sign.
Two men are preparing the earth for planting of new crops.
A guy in a strip shirt laying on a picnic blanket taking a nap.
Lady dressed in an exotic dress hooping.
A just married bride and groom walking down the sidewalk, having an intimate moment.
A brown dog being chased in a rural area
Three men and one woman are jumping into a swimming pool full of calm blue water.
A dad celebrates a birthday with his family via web cam.
A child covered in a white blanket is sleeping.
A baby in pink clothes staring at corn on the cob
A man with a beard and sunglasses leans back on a couch with his feet on a coffee table.
A little boy is approaching the soccer ball to kick it.
Yellow team vs Red team kicking a blue &amp; white soccer ball.
An Indian man standing on the bank of a river.
A saxophone player dressed in a blue sweatshirt and an accordion player entertain people on the street, including a pirate.
A man in a yellow jacket is skiing in the snow.
A white dog is carrying a ball across the grass nearby a fence.
A woman is holding onto another woman's arm.
A tour bus packed with people as they all look left, straining their eyes at a subject the tour guide pointed out.
A boy jumps into water fully clothed.
Two people paddle a canoe down a rough stretch of river near a pine forest.
Two people rafting down a river near pine trees.
A blond boy in a dark hoodie is holding a fishing rod.
Man sitting on a green chair with fishing pole in the water
A young boy, wearing a red soccer shirt, socks and cleats, is standing on a field of green grass.
A skateboarder performs a skateboard trick against a graffiti wall.
A woman uses a newspaper to provide shade and get rid of glare while she uses her computer outside.
Two small children playing with toys.
A woman, in a red swimsuit, is adjusting her swimming goggles while standing by a pool.
A costumed woman plays an instrument on a bench.
A gentlemen wearing brown pants and shirt is talking to a man with a white shirt in front of a sewing machine.
A woman in a room is adjusting hanging clothing.
A man in a blue shirt giving his toddler a sip of his drink.
A swimmer swimming across a lap pool.
Young man shows his tongue piercing while a woman stands next to him
Girl screaming with bows in her hair.
A little girl is jumping off the diving board into a pool.
A girl in a yellow shirt sprays two people with water.
Different people buying, and looking at different kinds of vegetables and flowers.
A well-dressed bald man with red glasses walks in full stride.
A little boy in green overalls throws up his hands in from behind the shiny restaurant table.
A blond woman is handing from a red pole.
A man playing the guitar in a bedroom with a mushroom picture on the wall behind him.
A black and white dog is running through grass.
Two boys in shorts are sitting with a tablet with other people in the background.
Many elementary age children gathered and sitting outdoors.
A black dog leaps in the air while a woman yells in the background.
Young bearded man wearing a white tank top sits behind a drum set.
A person is in the water and throwing their hair back.
People are skydiving.
Several Asian women dressed in black outfits and crowns are holding plates with food on them.
Two men smiling in front of a fire.
A baby is laying on a towel crying getting their diaper changed.
Brown-haired male with a white shirt showing off a grin with open arms.
A man and a woman are embracing while standing against a green Heineken sign.
A dog running through the sand.
A little boy in a white shirt and jeans sticks his fingers in his mouth.
A man walking out of a portable bathroom.
Three men dressed like chefs sit on a stone bench.
A group of people waiting in line for a game.
Two older women sit on a white bench in a park.
Three children on diving board, with one jumping off.
A muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track.
A bunch of shoppers watching the TV screens in a store.
A man in a green shirt and black pants looks into a shop on a crowded market street.
People walking on tiles at an outdoor market.
Pictures on a white brick wall with a smiling man standing in front of the wall.
A lady in blue, taking a close look of the surroundings by looking in the standing camera at park.
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
A person on a bike rides through a wooded area.
Three adults and three children are swimming in a public pool with one child ready to dive.
The two young boy are eating food.
A blond girl in a pink bathing suit running through the sprinklers
A man in an orange jacket is speaking with a cashier.
Five men stand outside and look like they are about to work.
Guy with ski jacket jumping off bridge into water
Two girls laying in the grass smile as their picture is taken.
The woman is reading a book.
A woman at a storefront holding a bunch of yellow balloons.
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
A small boy wearing a light blue shirt smiles as he holds something in his hand.
A boy playing on an arrangement of stones.
A black man in a black garb stands in front of a subway train.
A bull charging at a bull rider in a live rodeo.
A girl is about to kick a soccer ball in the grass.
An umbrella shading a young woman with a small boy crouching under the table.
A man and an old woman stand and look at something behind the photographer.
A doctor in an office smiling at the camera.
A crowd of people at a county fair watch three men agitate a large bull.
A dog swims in the water.
A little kid jumps up into the air above the ocean.
The injured athlete is being carried by several people.
A lady sitting beside of a Sprite bottle licking something white off of her fork.
A black dog jumps over a pole on green grass.
Man and women in looking at a package a fruit in a food market.
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.
A lady with dark hair looking at some papers in the subway station.
Several young boys and girls jumping on a trampoline outdoors.
A motorcycle racer is riding a black motorcycle.
A mother, dressed in traditional clothing, and her two children are posing for a picture.
Here is a picture of a kid dressed up in a costume, smiling and dancing.
The boy and girl are wearing swimming goggles.
Several people are in a building with air mattresses and other belongings.
People laying and sitting near some audio and visual equipment.
A girl is about to emerge from a swimming pool.
The three dogs are standing in the sand.
Three people are getting their picture taking as one is bent over.
A group of people are eating a meal outdoors together.
Two men in white t-shirts and tool belts sit on frame work for a structure.
A man, standing in his skiff net fishes the waters.
A view of a marketplace full of people in an asian country.
A hooded man working in a kiosk displays his wares.
A man is laying on two green air mattresses with one thumb up.
A person is looking at water jets.
A group of people building a frame of a building.
The little boy is running through the sprinklers.
A man is working on the caboose of the red train.
The dog is running through deep snow.
Four men and one woman sitting on the ground in the shade.
A street performer rides a high unicycle while balancing juggling devices.
The woman in the green striped shirt and backpack has a tattoo on her back.
A man is outside selling various toys.
A brindle dog runs beside some pilings in ground at the waterside.
Two children sliding in the snow.
A man with a Mohawk hairstyle wears a backpack at a college campus.
Four people stand in front of trees.
A man in a black coat eats a doughnut while other men look out of frame.
Men working construction hold up the frame of a wall.
A young man in a baseball cap plays an electric guitar.
A woman plays the Organ at a church.
A group of people build a wall for a building.
Construction workers building a frame for a structure.
A man in a blue shirt and gray pants is sleeping on a sidewalk bench.
A boy wearing a red shirt and blue shorts is walking outside.
A tan dog wearing a muzzle is running on sand.
People on the city street walk past a puppet theater.
A person with striped red socks is running on a hill side forest road.
Men work together on a construction project.
A person in blue is examining a wall.
Adult and child walking on a dirt road.
A man listens to someone on the phone with an estranged look on his face behind a fruit stand.
A group of people are picking vegetables outside.
A group of people looking over railing at the water and the land covered in fog.
Two kids chasing each other in the sand.
A man wearing a red hat while holding a ladder with a man in a brown hat looking at him.
A child swims underwater in a pool.
Five men building a foundation for a house
A white car is parked next to some houses in a third world country.
An adult male and a small child look to their left as they ride bicycles.
Two females are blowing bubbles with their gum.
A wet young girl in a white coat stands among water fountains.
Man holding a little girl in a street.
Walkers and bikers head down an empty New York street.
A group of people are running on the sand.
A group of children are playing in water.
A native boy, in yellow, swinging from a rope.
A couple sits on a shaded bench with a view of trees and a large building.
Boy in yellow tank top laughing on a beach.
Men and women riding bicycles in a hot sunny day in a big city.
Two guys smiling as they sit in a vehicle.
A woman dressed in black and pink has a large tattoo on her back.
Couple in car look at something beyond the camera.
Two men sleep in the backseat of a car.
Man in business attire jumping off the side of a building.
A small boy wearing a red shirt swinging a baseball bat
A black and brown dog rests head on lower steps of stairs.
A friend photo with two boys looking at each other while the girl looks at the camera smiling.
Two girls are in line about to order at a Mexican eatery.
Vehicles parked at a restaurant and gas station somewhere in Mexico.
A guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle.
Two men wearing gray shirts and red hats are working with cement.
Boy in orange, jumping off a rusted colored pipe, into sand.
Three small boys wrestling and one is shirtless, smiling, and facing the camera.
Children playing with a bike in the sand.
A man in a plaid shirt is standing near a pile of rubble.
A red-haired woman with green eyes is entering a van.
A bride is hugging a person with short blond-hair.
A woman wearing a purple jacket stands next to a horse.
A man and a boy pose for a picture in a stairway overlooking a waterfall.
A girl in blue jeans leans against a golden-yellow car.
A girl with black gloves is running.
A woman cooking food on hot stove.
This guy is in midair while wearing a red soccer uniform.
Two young men participate in a soccer game.
Two people are riding down a log flume in a theme park.
Couple being married in a church.
A bride and groom make small talk with a guest as the groom shakes the guest's hand.
A five man drill team on stage.
Two young boys sitting in a chair by flowers and a green rake.
One person stands on a cliff overlooking a broad valley.
A girl in a black outfit hula hoops while people sit at tables eating.
A child playing with water noodles in a pool.
Two teams of boys playing soccer and one boy is up in the air with the ball behind him.
Four boys run away up an incline.
A group of soldiers are marching in ranks while holding flags.
Men in traditional Scottish attire marching and playing bagpipes.
A person is sailing in the air with a red parachute over grass.
A young boy is playing with a slinky in the street
A dog rests on a mattress while a old woman sits on the floor.
The man is working after dark in a market.
A baseball player is standing in place, catching a flying baseball in his mitt.
An orange truck is driving down the street in front of a white building.
A group of males wearing helmet standing in a line with flags and a crowd in the background.
A young man in a t-shirt smiling in a bookstore.
Two adults and a child are standing on a rock with mountains in the background.
People having fun at a barbecue party.
A little black boy in a blue shirt and dark shorts running through a fountain.
A young boy pointing and looking at a tree with more trees in the background.
A man in a white t-shirt and beige shorts lies asleep on a black sofa.
A girl and her child walking next to a mountain.
Two women are standing next to each other and laughing.
A black dog is in a dog race.
A man is sitting inside of a mailbox with a phone in his hand.
Man with arm around girlfriend's shoulder as they watch something.
Two blond girls in white dresses, one much smaller than the other, stand on the bank of a large body of water.
A large brown dog sniffs a small white dog's behind.
A man wearing a shirt that says "money talks" is drinking water while leaning against a Verizon truck.
A man is pouring something in a cup from a beverage machine.
A man with dreadlocks smiles while sitting in a dj booth.
A few people on a canoe in the water.
A young woman in a tank top is smoking a cigarette while holding two bocce balls.
Three men outdoors smiling, drinking beer, and taking pictures.
A cowboy stands near two sheep and a dog at a rodeo.
A man and woman standing at a counter with food.
A lady is holding an umbrella behind what looks too be a waterfall.
Women riding a moped and a motorized bike.
A man on a four-wheeler jumps while in a field.
Two women in an agricultural landscape sorting crop.
Two people are standing in shallow water, waving sparklers around
A young girl in a pink dress stares at a metro newspaper rack.
A boy wearing an orange shirt has his hair sticking straight up from his head.
A lone surfer riding a huge wave in the ocean.
A woman is riding a bike down a city sidewalk, as men in long suit coats stand around with a line of other people.
A little boy drinks water from the green hose.
A man in a kilt is playing an instrument in front of a storefront.
Two girls hold up their younger sister.
A large white poodle is walking on the grass carrying a sandal.
A smiling person with a brightly colored Mohawk hairstyle.
A man in a black jacket plays a black electric guitar and sings.
A band plays bathed in stage lights.
A man with gray hair is putting a black collared shirt over a white button-up shirt while several other men watch.
A baby in a green bag peeks out.
A man is doing a back flip whilst attempting a jump on a bicycle.
A dog bounds across the brown grass.
A man with a red hat on sits on a stool on the side of the road.
Two men talking with each other while sitting at a table, and one is holding a partially-opened book.
A person is holding onto a bicycle in the air with his body in flight position.
Three women sit around a raised fire pit cooking skewered young pigs.
A person in a red hat carrying a giant bowl of ice cream with several cones sicking out of it.
A woman at a cafe is drinking coffee while doing paperwork.
Male child playing on round contained ride in the park by himself.
A young lady is doing some tennis training.
A man in a gray shirt and black pants is playing tennis.
A tennis player moving to hit the oncoming tennis ball.
A man and a woman are walking past benches that overlook the water.
A light brown dog is poking his head into brush.
A young girl is rock climbing while being securely tethered from above.
A woman smiling as she works a machine.
Many black dogs run in a grassy area.
Girl in red, with striped tights, playing violin outside of building.
A gentleman on the phone at his desk while a child sits on his lap and draws on a sheet of paper
These mountains the couple is looking at our beautiful.
A toddler is with wet hair stands by swimming pool wrapped in a towel.
A security officer looks out over some water where there are lights.
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
A brunette woman tastes her edible creation from a bowl.
A man walking while holding a hat on a stick.
A young man breakdancing on a cobblestone road with many people watching him.
A man with gray gloves holds his hands to his ears on a stairwell.
A man in a blue shirt, writing on a chalkboard.
A young infant in a white top crying.
A boy jumps into a pool.
Men in red bowties are singing in a choir.
A woman sitting at a picnic table is holding a baby.
A woman at a backyard party is jumping rope on the grass.
A man sitting on a chair in the middle of a group.
A stout gentleman does not know how to use his umbrella.
A man wearing a yellow coat stands at the peak of a mountain.
A yellow and brown dog is going to the bathroom outside.
A snowboarder uses a ramp to grind a rail.
A woman with braided hair is sitting at a table full of food and gesturing.
Children eat at a long table with black chairs.
A gray-haired woman turns the pages of a book for a circle of children sitting in blue chairs.
Children and Moms sitting in a crescent on the floor.
A young woman putting on a dance for a small audience.
A girl with blond-hair is jumping off a tire swing
Red shirted worker climbs ladder to peer into a container perched on a forklift.
A child's legs while squeezing through a dog door.
3 men in t-shirt and shorts sitting on the grass eating food.
A man carrying a broom and dustpan is watching while a young boy is shining a woman's shoe.
An older women in several layers of clothes knits an item as, she sits near a set of stairs.
A young woman rests her head on a man's shoulder.
A man in a black vest and colorful tie draws the attention of a crowd near an outdoor diner.
A woman in a pink blouse conversing with an amused male caucasian.
Four men are hanging out in front of a building.
People walking around a downtown area of a city.
An old woman in a black dress holds a loaf of bread outside a door.
A little boy runs around while others look at a stage.
A man climbing the rocky face of a mountain.
A boy does a toe touch in front of a tree.
The black dog is in the water on the shore.
Two people on the top of a cliff
A blond woman holds an object in her mouth and a pink toothbrush in her hand while sitting in front of a brightly colored couch.
A bicyclist jumping with his bike in midair
Someone standing on a red ball and a girl standing in front wearing a tiger print shirt.
A large group of people gathered outside.
A young girl showing her purple tongue
A dog takes off running on the sand.
This small child is sitting behind the steering wheel of a car.
A man with black glasses plays a black guitar.
A woman standing in front of a beach scene and smiling.
A man is bending down and digging in a white bag.
A dog jumps to try to catch a yellow tennis ball on a patio.
A man singing in front of a big heart.
A boy is skim boarding in a backyard pool while two other men watch.
A boy jumps from a high rock cliff to the water below.
A dog is jumping over a bush on the beach.
This woman is playing an instrument.
The man and woman are hugging and kissing near musicians performing.
How do we get to the other side?
A small child is stirring food with a red spoon on a kitchen counter.
A girl sitting on a man's lap on a passenger train
A group of Middle Eastern people walking through the snow.
A man sits in a chair while holding a large pole.
A couple is enjoying the view of the water while sitting on a patio.
A balding man helps a young boy fish.
A man, woman, and little girl walk along a boardwalk beside a calm sea.
Two men sitting on opposite sides of a bus stop
A child in a blue shirt is wearing a wristwatch.
A man is getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
A asian women walks to a pillar next to a building.
A street with many advertisements.
A person retrieving something from a bag on a cooking counter.
A woman is working at a food stand in the city.
A small boy is playing with a gun on the sidewalk outside.
Men and Women in traditional dresses attending something.
A group of people are sitting next to each other with some wearing white shirts and blue vests with yellow sashes and the others wearing large fluffy white hats with a pink fluffy top.
A woman shows a man something on her cellphone in the middle of a crowded street.
The boy is sitting in the lap of the car's driver and helping to steer.
A man is selling food at a street stand.
A man is drawing on the street while another man videotapes it.
Woman sorting bucket of food.
A man in a white shirt and blue jeans walking across concrete.
A man stands on a sidewalk between a grass lawn and building
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
Two young girls dressed in their Sunday's best peer over a fence.
A man drives a truck while a child sits on his lap and steers.
Black dog playing with a white and blue toy.
A little girl offers a ball to an upset toddler on a grassy field while a man in bermuda shorts stands behind them.
A man is hammering an anvil.
Several women wearing white shoes and sandals walk through a street festival.
A man stands on a ladder to take a picture with his cellphone.
A blond-haired boy wearing a red shirt and red shorts climbing a tree.
A dog rolls in the grass.
A rock band is playing in a dimly lit bar.
Two young boys drinking at home.
A woman in an orange sweatshirt is holding a glass in her hand.
A woman in a black shirt looking at a bicycle.
Two women both in sandals, one in a green hat is tying the other woman's dress strap.
Woman on bench looking at cloudy mountain view.
A man wearing a pink shirt and white pants in mid jump playing a guitar.
Man taking a break under a umbrella leaning against truck.
An Indian male is drinking something from a clay looking cup.
There are two greyhounds racing around a dirt track.
A man in jeans is sleeping with a red mask covering his eyes.
A man is playing golf, striking his ball out of a sand bunker.
A woman, a boy, and a dog are walking up a hill.
A woman helping a child out of the swimming pool.
A man crashes into the water with his parachute.
Two men playing guitars on stage
Two boys are skateboarding in front of an office building.
A street performer and his guitar painted completely blue.
A young child with wild curly hair sits on a chair and shows off his Legos.
Two women are working in a kitchen.
A child sits on a pink, flowered couch and reads a book.
A band playing in a bar in front of a crowd.
A little girl in a yellow shirt runs through a fountain in a busy park
A girl is swinging over waves on a rope swing.
A man, wearing a white t-shirt and jeans, sits on two stacked crates while playing a guitar for tips.
A group of people standing on the sidewalk and looking across the street.
Four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave.
Man in white juggling with a bike against the wall.
A child is floating on a raft and splashing in a pool.
A child plays in a multicolored fountain.
Two men are putting plaster on a building.
Two little boys play in the water left behind by the sprinklers.
A group of people, including a barefoot woman with white shorts, a black jacket and backpack wait for a light rail train.
A couple takes a break from dancing.
A man wearing a white collared shirt on the water.
A man with a blue jacket look at items.
Two children are sitting outside at a table with popcorn all over it.
A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily.
A man with a bike helmet and two young boys have just their heads peeking up from a pile of leaves.
A girl in a crowd in holding on to a leashed sheep.
A kid in a striped tank top skateboards down the street
The man is playing a stringed instrument on the ground.
A man in a mustard yellow jacket sits in front of water while reading.
Four teenagers are in a church playing their instruments.
Three older men playing live music in a grand hall.
An african american woman with 2 young girls.
An elderly man with his hands placed upon some kind of barrel in a truck yard.
A woman with a white top with design on the front cleaning the white railing.
An Asian man holding a large number of bags looks across a street.
A little girl in a pink dress is walking outside.
A guy drinking from a big silver cup, content of which is unknown.
A dog chasing a Frisbee into the water
A man in a striped shirt poses with a blond girl in a black apron.
Four dogs splashing in the water
A barefoot child is walking on the beach towards the ocean.
A group of people stand listening to a speaker.
A couch sits broken while a man sits a table behind them.
A middle-aged man shines black leather shoes.
Several preschool children stand looking through fence bars as two adults look on.
Dogs racing around a curve in the track.
A little boy spays a hose at his brother who is on the other side of a window.
The man in the apron prepares the dining table.
Two people in a dense jungle area with trees and grass everywhere.
These girls are having a great time looking for seashells.
A young girl is hoping from stone to stone in her bare feet.
Man in board shorts is playing beach volleyball.
A group of young people pose for a picture in a field
A man vaults over a high bar.
3 men are playing and riding on a vehicle made of musical instruments including a drum and a piano.
People use the computer terminals at a modern library.
A man holding a little girl up in the air outside.
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
A small dog is playing with a plastic bag on the sidewalk.
A group of people getting ready for climbing a mountain.
A group of workers on a boardwalk wearing fluorescent vests, holding light wands.
A young indian mother is with her child.
A woman with a cane carrying a bag walks along the sidewalk.
The blond-haired woman is holding a black umbrella.
A man riding an orange and white motorcycle.
A curious child attempting to fish what nature flushed ashore with a beautiful ocean background.
A man is pulling a load of dirt down a narrow alley where a motorcycle is parked.
A boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds.
A group of greyhound dogs runs around a dirt track.
Several people stopped waiting for a train to pass.
Four people in bright blue water with a child in a pink inter tube.
A crowd is watching a band perform on the sidewalk.
Woman in red shirt and hot looks at trinkets at a table.
A young man is wearing a brown hat and sunglasses.
The sun shines bright on the snow surrounding a few people.
People are in a restaurant eating.
A man sitting in a green chair in front of a large window looking out onto a cityscape.
Young children shoot baskets in the field.
A woman smiles at a baby while an older couple looks on.
Two people in red shirts clean an alley.
People planting flowers outside in a circle.
Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.
A woman walking in front of a truck talking to someone that is walking beside her.
A crowd watches an outdoor concert.
A man is using a pro-saw to fix the street.
A woman stands on the curb next to a busy street.
A young girl is sitting in front of an exhibit at an aquarium as a dolphin swims past.
A baseball player slides toward a base.
Woman in a blue dress with a purple umbrella standing in the road.
Woman facing curtained window and glass cleaner while holding a paper towel.
The number of young children are significantly more than the adults in the dinning hall.
People sitting in chairs with a row flags hanging over them.
A man and woman dig up dirt and have a plant near them.
A man planting some flowers around a pole outside.
A group of people pose for a picture by a metal guard rail.
A young woman is painting a guard rail.
A man with slicked back hair and black coat plays a recorder.
A long-haired man in front of microphones holding some kind of musical instruments.
A man in a cap is trimming a plant outdoors.
Two large dogs running in some grass.
A man walking down the walkway of a bunch of storefronts.
A woman in red shirt is singing.
A blond girl is sitting drinking a soda and looking at a dolphin swimming in the background.
Four performers are on stage interacting with the audience.
A child with a water gun being sprayed with water.
People talking in an asian market.
A young teenage boy is smoking a cigarette in front of an iron fence.
The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk.
Three men in vests sitting down near a pile of dirt with their backs facing a wall.
The black dog is wearing a lime green collar.
A dog stands on its hind legs in a wooded area while another dog watches.
Two men are applying ceramic tile to an old roof.
A woman in a sari next to a boy holding a red umbrella in a rainy street
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
2 Male Camp Counselors relax during afternoon free time for their youth as the director speaks of the upcoming evening activities
Three police officers conversing rollerblades.
A girl in a pink sundress rides a bike next to a white picket fence.
Two football players run into each other.
In the woods, a young man wearing red shorts prepares to throw a frisbee.
Five children are sitting on a wooden stairway posing for a picture.
The mother with two son are swimming in the sea.
One man looks into the distance next to another who has his hand in the air.
A black and white dog is running in the grass.
A man jumps in front of a palace in China.
Four girls prepare food on a table outdoors.
A young girl in a swimsuit riding a toy train.
A young woman with a blue Mohawk looks to the right while holding a toddler's hand who is looking to the left.
Two boys are playing with two dogs on the beach.
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
A boy hangs upside down from a metal bar.
A man is paddling a boat while four women are standing on a rock in a body of water
A mature woman in sunglasses and a jean jacket.
A lot of people are gathered in different areas of an old building.
A man sitting on a railing at a concert.
A white dog catching a treat in his mouth.
A group of women hugging each other
A man and a woman are seen kissing near an open window.
A little boy is chasing pigeons on the street and a man is watching him.
A man in a dog outfit is playing at a card table with a bemused woman and dealer.
A coach wearing a blue shirt points off-camera.
Two little boys playing a game, one with his mouth wide open.
A woman in a red dress is looking out of a window.
An older man raises his wineglass during an outdoor meal with others.
People jumping off of a very tall bridge into the water below.
Mike Holmgren on the field with his team the Seattle Seahawkss talking over practice details with an assistant coach.
The woman in the tank top has a tattoo on her arm.
A girl in a bikini running out of the surf.
A woman with a special type of bike looking at a baby.
A very happy baby in a yellow shirt swinging on swing.
A few guys dancing a ceremonial dance in a parade
A group of people are standing at the front of the room, preparing to sing.
This girl is plucking the flower from the plant.
A brown dog and a black dog are playing tug-of-war with a toy.
A baseball player hitting a ball.
Two young girls in dresses stand together in front of a yellow wall.
A smiling little boy jumps up to a toy basketball hoop.
A young man is standing on an escalator with a camera in his hands, looking blankly into the photo.
A woman walking with a blue umbrella.
Two women sit by some rocks while one of them holds a drink.
A man in an apron smiling as he fries food.
A man in a blue shirt is read a piece of paper.
A musician on the curb side displaying his talent publicly.
Man in mid stride suspended in air, about to swing a tennis racket on a tennis court.
A man in a red shirt plays tennis outdoors.
Two young girls, one blond and the other brunette, jump on a green couch in a bright, sun drenched room.
A group of girls on a beach.
Two small boys with painted faces are sitting next to each other.
A man prepares to hit a backhand tennis shot.
A smiling woman in a bikini in the air over a diving board.
An older man sitting at a lighted workbench.
A group of children sit on the floor against a brick wall while a woman observes them.
A man with a bandage on his finger is rock climbing as others watch.
A group of dressed up people looking at a brochure trying to decide what site to see next.
A group of men are walking between railroad tracks.
This woman is wearing a white t-shirt and holding a cup.
A man in short shorts is posing on a large rock.
A guy in a Nike shirt that reads "MAKE SOME NOISE" tilts his head sideways as he eats.
The rider throws his hand up for balance as the brown horse bucks.
A little girl with ponytails laughs near a plastic castle play set.
A man taking pictures using his zoom lenses.
A black dog with a ribbon on is standing in front of some other award ribbons.
Two women, picking from plants in an open valley.
A young man jumps into the water from a floating slide.
A group of Caucasian people lounging in a sandy area.
One football player caught a pass while the two players from the opposite team attempt to tag him while he's on the ground.
Two young boys play with a puzzle in a classroom.
A young Asian man and woman seated in front of the steps of a small business smoking cigarettes.
Two teenagers at the beach playing in the sand
A young boy is in the water at the beach.
A motorcycle rider stands on top of his bike.
A guy doing tricks on a motorcycle.
A girl wearing sunglasses smiles for the camera.
A group of bulls are running down a street as people run and others watch.
I am going to a hotdog competition in Coney Island.
Three dark-haired people stand near each other with large buildings in the background.
A lady with blond-hair helping another person.
Worker dragging a rope attached to what seems to be a boat.
A white dog runs towards the camera as a man walks away.
A child in a bathing suit plays in a sprinkler.
A little boy is jumping into the kiddie pool in the backyard.
Two large, black dogs are playing with a collapsed ball.
A German short-haired pointer rests on a rug by a sunny window.
Two people, with buildings behind them, are standing near a blue car with two doors open.
Two people are laying in a bed in the middle of a department store aisle.
The two boys play in the field.
A shirtless man sitting on a rock by a blue building.
A man with long hair tied back and wearing a blue shirt is playing a clarinet.
A young boy taking a bath from a bucket.
A man and woman wearing sunglasses and white t-shirts smile for the camera.
A boy with a Mohawk and sunglasses.
A furry dog is jumping over a hurdle.
A shirtless man goes for a ride on his skateboard while walking his dog.
A varied group of individuals sit on a lawn in the summer.
Several children standing in front of a building.
A crowd gathers to watch two men performing a Brazilian dance.
Two children fight in a square while people look on.
A man carrying an orange bag walks past two British style telephone boxes.
People stand on boat dock waiting for their boat to arrive.
A chef cooking some food while two people watch.
A man is balancing a plate of food on his head.
Young man with a black shirt on, riding a blue bike with a baby sitting in front of him.
A red-haired boy wearing glasses blowing a huge bubble
A young girl and a young man playing a toss game at an outside party.
A girl in a white dress and red bag talking on the phone.
A man with a shaved head and sunglasses smiles broadly.
A man looks at a sculpture in a large empty room.
A group of women walk down a street at night.
Young boy with glasses playing in the sprinkler.
Two dogs are playing and wrestling with each other.
A white dog runs on the beach.
A black and white dog playing with a white ball in a sparse brown field.
Four children playing around a pole.
On the ocean side a girl is jogging in yellow pants and a boy riding his bicycle.
A male taking a nap on a hot afternoon.
The woman is holding a mug, and has sunglasses on the top of her head.
A blond woman in black jeans is sitting on a wall examining her nails.
A woman has two children to take care of while she is out, one is sitting on her shoulders and the other is sitting on her lap.
A man in waders fishes for something in a pool.
A woman wraps her arms around a man as he leans in to kiss her.
A little girl holding an ice cream cone and licking her lips.
A kid in a white shirt is in a tall tree.
A marching band in full uniform is coming down the street.
A large van drives down a counry road in the fall.
A man in a white shirt is kissing a little boy as he holds him.
A man wearing a black coat and red hat holds a camera.
Man in a blue shirt and white hat cleaning a fountain.
The woman is splashing water out of a bucket.
A large, towering city statue at night.
Two small children playing in a kiddie pool with water guns.
Two boys look through a window at an airport.
Two people are scuba diving in the blue ocean.
Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.
A girl basketball player wearing blue is blocking another girl player wearing yellow.
A man in a coca cola building wiping down a table.
A black and white dog leaping through the air as two people watch in the background.
A woman balancing a sword on her head.
Barefoot people standing in water in front of a large piece of art featuring a face.
A man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog.
A brown dog in midair with a Frisbee in his mouth.
Three barking, howling dogs
Several dogs are running outside, with two vehicles in the background.
A man with a Mohawk smiles at the camera.
One man in an arena trying to stay on a horse for as long as he can.
A young adult in a black shirt is sticking his hand in an animal trap.
A person in shorts is holding a Frisbee while team member in red shirts and spectators look on.
A woman walking into the waves.
The woman is wearing a black hat with an American flag on it.
Two tall black dogs run through tall grass.
Kid in jean shorts uses a skateboard to jump over a cameraman while other skateboarders and cameramen watches.
A kid is sliding down a green slide.
A bull rider riding a bucking bull while other cowboys watch and wait to help him if needed.
A man in a pink shirt rides a bucking horse.
A group of people in a bicycle race.
A rider on a horse in front of a mountain range
A man is standing on top of a glacier.
A little gray dog jumps over a small hurdle.
A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand.
Two redheaded boys with glasses stand on bench, play swordfight with sticks.
A man sits in front of a wall with art pictures on it.
Two competing cyclists pedal past crowds of onlookers.
Small dog running in the grass with a toy in its mouth
A dog is running through tall grass.
Two people with animal print pants laying on a bed next to each other.
A child and floor covered in white powder.
Two males and one female playing in a fountain of water.
Two young kids running on sand towards a large body of water.
Two girls in denim shorts stand in a puddle of water.
Several kids are looking at carnival games.
A few men sit outside of an area with an open gate eat their lunches.
Three children play in an outside wood structure.
Some boys and girls are sitting down in an amusement park ride.
A man in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in Droney Park.
A woman holds a "car wash" sign on the edge of a quiet street.
An older woman and a young man play bingo.
A fisheye lens aerially captures a young girl with dark hair on the playground.
A man films a group of girls in the outdoors.
Three people cleaning windows and a woman in a blue shirt talking to them.
Two girls help clean a dirty house
A man holding a crow bar and wearing a masks looks up.
A woman watches as her friend goes for a spare.
Three people stand at the top of an outdoor staircase.
A young man in jeans and a red shirt, wearing yellow gloves, holds a tree branch.
A woman has a many cartons of various foods outside and is holding a can.
A woman is organizing her food in milk baskets.
A group of teenagers sitting in a circle; the man in the middle is sitting on the floor and there is a broom standing up behind him.
A man is bobbing for apples in a plastic bucket.
Two men trading a sausage link with each other via mouth.
A man in a black shirt dancing with a woman who is smiling.
A man in a black cap is looking away from a woman in a black and white polka dotted outfit.
Guy making a basketball shot with onlookers watching.
Three children standing around a figure on a purple table, two children have white coats on.
A black dog with a blue collar runs through the green grass.
A young woman wearing a pink and green striped shirt with a white belt and flip-flops sitting on a cement step.
Two men involved in a mixed martial arts competition.
A group of 8 teenager sitting along a wall holding a string.
Two girls, one in a red shirt and blue skirt, are washing a red truck.
An old man is just dancing with a woman.
Teenagers are interacting with elderly people in a common room.
2 people stand up wearing black at an old persons home, while some onlookers sit in wheelchairs nearby.
A teenager sitting very, very high in a tree.
Two men are standing on the roof of a tall concrete structure.
A person plays on monkey bars while others watch.
Men are working in some vegetation beside a brick structure.
A group of individuals are sitting in a room together and smiling.
A young man in a red striped shirt and blue jeans is bowling with a blue ball at a bowling alley.
Two men decide what to do with an obstructing fallen branch.
A man in an orange shirt is holding an object and speaking to a girl in a blue shirt who is looking back at him.
Amputee standing from wheelchair throwing a ball in a seniors center.
A man in a blue shirt and sandals tossing an object toward a target while a group of older adults look on.
Three young men are playing dominoes while an older woman watches.
A group of people in a circle clap their hands while others are sitting in the background.
Elderly adults and young adults, having a party and dancing.
Four young men sit on the floor close to a television that is showing Elmo from Sesame Street.
A girl is shaking the water out of her hair.
Two dogs in a red vehicle looking at a woman getting out of her vehicle.
A sheepdog is herding sheep down a grassy path.
A brown and white dog is playing in a pool with a man.
Three children are skating on a rollerskating rink.
Three kids run in front of their mother in a park.
Three researchers working in a lab.
A woman wearing a red and white gown holds a long scarf behind her.
Depressed man who does not know what to do.
A man and a woman in bathing suits hold each other in a body of water.
A beagle is climbing through some gray stairs.
There is a child around 6 months old sitting on a large Elmo doll, looks like he is about to gum it with a Sesame Street book in their right hand.
A band performs on stage.
Two women sparring fiercely at Tae Kwon Do competition, while referee watches.
There is a chun kuk do tournament with a group of spectators watching.
A kid with braces and a blue hat shows the bottom of his skateboard.
The boy is wading through the blue ocean.
An excited boy playing in the surf with a body board.
A black dog is biting onto a soccer ball on the dirt ground.
Baby sleeping in a crib with boxes of matches, an electric drill and some stuffed animals.
Dogs in the water with a basketball and a person on horseback.
A guy with a pink shirt sitting on the ground, drawing a peacock with chalk.
A girl and a boy burying another boy in the sand.
A white women and a black man in a red hat play fighting.
An elderly man is cooking hotdogs on a grill.
A man, wearing a white button down shirt and glasses, typing on a laptop computer.
A woman in a blue shirt rinsing out her mop on the street.
A couple plays frisbee in a green field with trees in the background
Man with beard doing skateboarding stunt
A man in a white shirt slides through the sand towards a man in a blue uniform and hat holding a sporting glove out towards him.
Soccer game with teams in red and blue.
A black and brown dog is running and splashing in the water.
Two girls look through a microscope.
A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard.
A child runs near some trees.
The man with a shaved head and nipple piercings is wearing sunglasses.
A man is smiling while holding a crying infant.
A person with an electric drill doing something to a toy animal.
Two adults sit on a bench.
A woman in a pink shirt standing in front of a yellow building.
A loan runner participates in a race in the rain.
The three men leaped in the air in an effort to grab the ball.
Three rugby players trying to catch the ball
A girl is facing a wall with her back toward a dome-like piece of art.
This dog is running through water on a beach.
A young girl in a red bathing suit is swimming in a pool.
A young man in a "GIGOLO" shirt at a reception desk.
A group of adults be led by an older gentleman in an exercise involving a group-effort to stabilize a long rod.
A small boy wearing pajamas is flipping eggplant on the gas grill.
A man without a shirt poses with his arms spread next to a woman.
A man is skating on a rail.
People skate in an urban outdoor ice skating rink
A dog chases a bird in the water.
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in its mouth.
4 people walking through the desert.
Little blond girl stepping on a blue surface outside.
Two people on a surfboard in the water
A baseball player in uniform who just threw a ball.
Young boys playing the Wii.
A dog is performing act at dog show.
Closeup of person playing a marching band snare drum.
A man with a mustache holds two boys in a pool.
A group of preteens walks near a river.
A woman in a red shirt and a man in white stand in front of a mirror.
The man has a black and white scarf around his neck.
A man in sunglasses is writing on a pad with his bike leaned up against him.
The woman crouches against a brick wall, speaking on her cellphone.
A blond woman in pigtails walks down the sidewalk barefoot with a green tube on her back.
Two females in skirts walking on the sidewalk.
A group of people are sitting under a sunshade in a grassy woodland clearing.
Two little girls swinging side by side in a park on warm day.
A group of people sit on the beach, beyond a sign warning of rogue waves.
Man and two kids on a boat on the lake.
Two women in red skirts dancing for an audience.
A woman is black is pole vaulting.
Two little kids having fun at a roller coaster
A boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
A brown and black dog laying next to a colourful ball.
A man dressed in orange looks like he is playing an instrument.
A man in white pants walking through an arbour of people who are facing each other connected by their hands.
A white dog coming out of a blue tunnel.
Few kids are bicycling around a path wearing shorts.
Little girl wearing lots of pink playing with her bicycle.
An Indian man stands among a group of Indian people writing on a clipboard.
A horse bucks its rider in an arena as onlookers watch from bleachers.
A young asian woman in an orange dress speaking to someone.
Four young boys flexing for the camera.
A little boy wearing a brown t-shirt is sucking on a pacifier with his hand in the air.
Two people cooking a meal together in a household kitchen.
Three blond girls and a dark-haired girl try to sell decorated shells and rocks.
People sitting and climbing on large rock formations.
Right leg in a brace, a young boy lies on the couch while using his cellphone.
Small little girls sleeping on the floor.
An older man repairing a typewriter surrounded by other typewriters.
The girl is twirling long, colorful streamers.
A man with a face painted like a clown is wearing a cowboy hat.
Older Asian man, wearing orange robes in urban area.
Several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table.
A bunch of people walking down a set of stairs.
An asian woman wearing a blue coat and pink sweater holds a silver bead up to examine it.
The woman stands looking at rows of magazines.
A guy in a blue shirt next to a man in a white shirt who is looking at a guy in an orange shirt.
A group of people are ridding a roller coaster.
The woman with a henna tattoo holds a piece of paper in her left hand.
A group of people looking at a multicolored picture on a screen.
A teenager girl jumps high on a trampoline and a toddler falls on his stomach.
Acrobatic entertainers with no shirts perform for spectators.
A white dog with black patches runs jumps through a spray from a hose into a blue plastic wading pool.
A woman in a black shirt walking down the street
A young child with a gray shirt and pacifier is standing next to a toy horse.
Two men in hats play banjo and saxophone outside with a hatted man sitting on a bench behind.
Two kids are in a stroller in front of a fire engine.
A crowd of women are involved in an advocacy walk.
Two little white dogs are playing outside in the snow.
Man plays fetch with his dog near a boat dock.
Dog and women with baby strollers crossing a bridge in rural area.
A european couple standing in the street kissing.
Eleven individuals stand at a balcony looking out at the trees and fauna outside.
A female with glasses, a brown shirt, and a backpack.
Four people, three girls, one boy, are in a boat.
The large man grabs a seat at a restaurant.
A man is walking through a building while holding a small child's hand.
A man wearing a blue shirt and hat jumping on one wheel on a fountain ledge
Several people prepare their stalls that consist of fish, vegetables and fruits for the public eye.
Girl outside holding a pink flower that matches her top and smiling.
Three men are headed into a building on their way back to work.
A kid is playing in water in the street.
Older man playing an odd guitar like instrument in what appears to be a park or open area.
A small dog jumps over a jump.
A female in blue jean shorts and a black top sitting in a wicker chair.
A fat guy in pink, drinking beer.
The young lady appears to be a mime among her peers.
A baby is in a sandpit playing with a bucket.
A young girl is sitting on the sidewalk, changing the tire on a bike while another young girl sits and watches her.
Man and woman wearing black walk with arms around each other.
A black Dog, in a Alley maybe, He might be lost, and Cold, or Hungry.
People sitting outside under a green umbrella.
An elderly Asian man in a blue coat with a cane sits outside a brick and cement older building.
An elderly woman with a cane wearing sunglasses sitting on a bench.
Three men in black suits looking at something in front of them.
Five string musicians playing together on a stage.
A young man wearing shorts and no shirt is high kicking as water flies from his clothing.
Three men walk together in a plaza.
Two men, two children, and a woman all sitting down near a stand filled with purses.
A small dog jumping some hurdles.
A young topless man wearing sunglasses and shorts is holding a football.
A man with a cup sitting in front of a wooden structure.
The black and brown dog is standing with its legs apart on the beach.
A girl and a boy sit on the ground surrounded by plants.
Several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard.
The little girl has a purple dress on.
Two dogs, one coming toward the camera while one walks in the background.
A man with a bread looking at his camera.
A man in swim trunks hugging a woman in cutoffs and a bikini top in a fountain.
A man wearing glasses plays guitar in front of a microphone.
A young man is playing the electric cello in front of a woman.
Two men are looking toward the ground while one is wearing gloves and holding a tool.
A photographer kneels down next to the edge of a dock with his camera.
A young girl enjoys a frozen treat by the pool.
A young man in odd clothes leaning against a brick wall with a garden in it.
A man sits on a bike attached to a column in the air.
A lady with a green top is rollerskating through a crowd.
Boys in uniform behind a ball.
A black dog in a flat field attempts to make a turn.
A man wearing protective gear grinds down a large metal object.
A woman in a blue top and hat is stretching or performing yoga on the beach.
An older person and a young child walking together in front of a large building.
Children sit at a long blue table and draw pictures with crayons.
A man in a white shirt digging a hole.
A brown and white dog swimming towards some in the pool
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
A couple on the side of the road talking.
Kids jump off a pier into the water at dusk.
2 young girls are sitting in front of a bookcase and 1 is reading a book.
A man is standing beside a train.
This church choir sings to the masses as they sing joyous songs from the book at a church.
Group of people walking around outdoors, one girl is being carried.
The greyhounds are running quickly in this race.
Children in summer clothes play on a turnaround in a sun-dappled park.
A young woman, dressed in casual, black clothing, is holding a sword, in battle stance.
This young girl is enjoying the innocence of childhood and warm weather.
A teenage girl is wearing a brown hat and a jacket with hearts on.
Two workers in neon green shirts opening a utility box.
A young boy sits at a table and eats as food is spilled all around.
A group of men wearing red and yellow walking.
A big thin dog runs fast in a field of grass.
Elder men are getting ready to barbecue.
A college student texts a message to her boyfriend while she waits for her next class to start.
Two boys playing in dirty water
A man with a camera wearing a blue shirt and jeans stands between two tall buildings.
A man working underneath a train.
Children play in the blue and green jumping tent filled with air.
A dog running with a red item in its mouth.
A black dog runs paralell to a wire fence in a grassy medow.
A group of bicyclists ride up the street.
This woman is taking a break after a long walk or jog.
Three children run on the walkway by the river.
A young boy smiles as he hangs from monkey bars.
Three tan dogs run after a tennis ball.
A lot of people around a few crates of fish.
A street vending area that sells foreign food.
A child is asleep in a green stroller.
A man breakdancing on a tiled floor
A man climbs over snow covered rocks by a shore.
A black dog and a white dog wrestle.
A native American woman wearing a colorful shirt works on a loom.
A woman rides a red bicycle along a river while wearing a helmet.
A young girl sits on the forest floor and looks up through binoculars.
An older gentlemen puts on a one-man band with various instruments.
A group of children climbing on a statue of a bear.
Several young men browsing in C.D's.
A green Volkswagen Bug and other vintage cars are admired by people in a courtyard.
A blond child inside of a box smiling
Four people are standing behind a balcony in front of a brick building.
An older couple is standing in a kitchen together.
A very attractive woman is posing in front of a beautiful plant during a sunny day.
Two girls aboard an amusement park ride.
A man equipped with a chainsaw and protective gear is crafting a bird statue out of wood.
A child in a wool cap looks at a box.
A man helps a young boy in a hat build something out of wood with a hammer.
A small boy in blue crawls along a windowsill.
A baby crawls on a wood floor near a bottle of water.
Four men and a young boy are at a table set up for wood crafts.
A blond woman wearing a blue and pink floral tie-front bikini on a beach, readying to put a flagpole in the sand.
Bride eating wedding cake from her new husband's shirt.
A bride and groom dance at their wedding reception.
A woman and man are standing together.
A man in a yellow tie and shirt is making the "hook 'em horns" sign.
A bridesmaid in a knee-length blue dress walks down the aisle with a grooms-man.
A young asian boy in a orange long-sleeved t-shirt holds a magazine.
A man and women are rock climbing.
A young girl in a plastic red firetruck at a fancy shoe store.
Two people sit on a bench as others in the distance move about.
There are three men wearing dress clothes and standing around.
A man in old costume leaps across an English street besides a Peugeot.
Girl in blue sweater and holding a multicolor toy sitting on the shoulders of a man with gray hair.
A woman in a red shirt with her arm raised.
A playful dog is jumping on the sand.
A brown dog nursing
A woman is standing with a baby next to a statue.
A teenager in a red shirt is preparing to serve a volleyball.
A girl in pink pants running, an ornate Spanish ruin in the background.
A group of people sitting outdoors.
A group of people walking in front of a subway rail.
A girl is walking on a sandy path.
People on a sidewalk looking into shop windows while other people just keep walking.
A man with a backpack walking down a road.
A man in red shorts hits a volleyball in the air as another man watches.
A man with long hair is sitting on the couch.
A boy in a yellow raincoat examines a piece of food he holds in his hand.
Man walks on sidewalk while talking on the phone.
A man talking to other men while behind a camera on a tripod.
Man trying to guide a kit in the desert.
A man eyes the ground as he comes in for a landing from parasailing.
A young boy stands by a car that's being washed.
A man, trying to hold on, as he competes in a rodeo on horse back.
A cowboy and his horse both fall to the ground in an arena.
Blue crabs are being sold from a bucket at a fish market.
Two women sunbathe by the water.
People in white shirts and backpacks looking around one of them holding a small camera.
Four men sitting in a room watching someone.
A smiling woman is playing the violin in front of a turquoise background.
A child, inside of a store, holds a pair of tusks against his cheeks.
A dog runs behind another at a park.
Three women waiting at the airport with their luggage.
One man lying of the ground in the grass surrounded by trees.
A martial artist breaks ice with a kick.
One lady wearing a hat sitting in front of her house drawing portrait
A father pushes his daughters go-kart while another girl watches
A man rocks out on stage with his guitar.
A man sitting at a table with a hatchet looking at a broken mug.
A group of shoppers line the street of a commercial district beside a mountain.
A baseball hitter holding a bat falling down.
A shirtless man is having a conversation with a seated man while a blond woman sleeps.
A green shirted man sits among the many unoccupied red seats.
Small boy is eating a lollipop and dancing in the street.
A small dog chasing a ball.
A woman wearing a blue checkered shirt scoops food from a pot.
Dad enjoying with his in the swimming pool.
A woman carrying a bundle on her head is leading two donkeys on a muddy street.
Two young women stand by a Red Bull car.
A cute brunette toddler girl is leaning with her hand against the wall.
A little boy is jumping out of the pool.
A small child in a pink hoodie ascending tall stairs outdoors.
A puppy is getting dry with a blow dryer
A boy kicks a giant baseball while a group of children watch.
A young boy removes his face from a blueberry pie.
Two old men with hats are standing in between cars with their accordions.
Woman at the beach with a small girl.
A man is floating on a small boat down a city water street.
Two men under umbrellas at a yard sale.
A group of children outside a building includes a boy jumping in the grass.
A lady short-haired lady with a blank tank top is taking pictures.
Two brown dogs chase and playfully fight with each other on the sandy beach.
A man hammering a nail into a beam.
A man in a red shirt and a man in a yellow shirt are crouching in a crowd of people.
An elderly couple are sitting outside a restaurant, enjoying wine.
The woman is wearing a purple shirt and runs on the beach.
Someone in a green shirt running behind a small dog.
A woman wearing a blue blouse and a blue jeans is riding in a bicycle
Two people in a canoe float past a rocky, wooded cliff.
Two people rafting down a river, a footbridge in the background.
A baby wearing a blue bandanna is playing with a set of colored rings.
A man in a striped shirt is dancing in front of a band.
A man in a cowboy hat being stepped on by a brown horse
A man cuts wood to add to the fence he is in the middle of building.
A man in a hat is digging near a fence.
A man in a gray t-shirt is shoveling cement from a wheelbarrow.
A large group of people are hanging out on a large lawn.
The boy who is walking is wearing gray shorts and no shirt.
A man pours a drink into a glass, while a woman watches.
A priest carrying a small blue bag walking down the street talking on a cellphone.
A little dog is sitting on a person's bent leg.
Teen boy practicing with a sword in a gym with his team.
A young girl holds a crying infant.
A large white pipe is being lowered on a trailer, as two workers stand by.
A man sitting on a bench taking a break from construction work.
A young girl in a red shirt hitting a tennis ball with a pink racket
A boy playing outside on a slip and slide.
A group of friends sit down for something to eat.
A city worker prepares to cut down a tree.
A gray dog with blue eyes laying on a bright blue carpet while chewing on something.
A woman is pointing while others are taking pictures.
A group of ladies are having a party.
A kid in purple is doing a skateboard trick.
A man stands in his small boat in the middle of the lake.
A brown dog running over grass.
Two older boys in hooded sweatshirts lay on a mattress in a store as two younger girls look on.
A man bends down to light a firework near a lake.
A boy wearing a red shirt is shooting fireworks off a breakwall into the water.
Three children are enjoying lunch on a picnic bench together.
A shirtless child plays on a "horse" swing made out of rubber while holding a woman's hand.
Two children holding balloons and a woman are on a sidewalk with a car off to the side.
An older man in a white shirt walks out of a building through a pair of wooden doors.
A woman wearing a dress is crossing the street.
A man looks on while a child plays a game.
A kid eating a takeout box of food
A woman wearing a spaghetti-strapped shirt and a shirtless boy wearing red Shorts play with an over-sized checkers board.
A group of people sitting at a table eating and talking.
A group of people standing and sitting around what looks like a town hall meeting.
A man catching a fish off a boat.
Three men look on as two other men carve up a freshly barbecued hog in the backyard.
A man in a ventilation mask is carving a knight onto a brick wall.
Man in a camel colored jacket that is standing looking at the stone walkway.
A child and her mother are playing ball in a park.
Everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing.
People in a crowded city street.
A flying machine with a yellow sail is landing with industrial buildings in the background.
Person hang gliding at sunset.
A man is walking to the front of a conference room.
A red car is caught in an explosion.
A boy smiles and swims in blue water.
A smiling man in the driver's seat of an automobile turns to the backseat.
A little girl and boy are sitting on a wooden box reading books.
A statue of an angel mounted to the side of a building.
One smiling person wearing a black sleeveless shirt is hammering a nail into a piece of wood.
A black dog runs around an outdoor swimming pool.
A group of children in a church basement play maracas and tambourines.
A woman passing by the shore.
A brown and white greyhound wearing a red number five is caught in midair racing.
A man riding a bike on the pier.
A baby boy is sitting on a beige chair next to a stuffed SpongeBob SquarePants.
A man walks on a low tightrope under a tree.
A red-haired little girl in purple is fishing on a boat out on a lake.
A woman in a purple top and white cap jogging down the road.
A woman is shopping for a stove top in a home improvement store and has found one that she likes.
A man with a backpack is talking to a woman in a black shirt.
We like this garden and we enjoy every evening in summer.
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
A young girl in a pink shirt stretching to touch a green balloon.
Children playing leapfrog beside fountain.
Two women in tutu's and leg warmers stop for a chat.
A man prepares a kite for flight.
Six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field.
A child puts dirt into his mouth.
An older young boy and a middle-aged boy looking and laughing at a computer screen.
A young boy playing in a swimming pool
A man is thrown off a horse while at a rodeo.
A boy jumps onto a inflatable water slide
A red shirted man is renovating his kitchen, prepping the wall behind where his counter will sit.
The beach with a person in a red tank top sitting under a small tree.
A young boy in a striped shirt is leaning against a tree while another child sits at a picnic table.
The boy with his shirt undone is stretching his arm in the air.
A group of people sitting at an outdoor table eating food and drinking alcoholic beverages.
Two men are having a conversation while sitting on the patio.
A woman is hold a child while he reads.
A mother and her sun sitting outside.
A man is barbecuing hotdogs while 2 other men eat in the background.
String orchestra and conductor in spotlight surrounded by darkness.
One guy wearing black shirt sitting at table working on computer project.
A dark-haired man is minding a fruit shop.
A man stands on top of a rocky hill.
A little boy spilled his milk from the green cup.
A group of men wearing colorful clothing twirl batons in unison.
Male cheerleaders are holding up female cheerleaders on a football field.
A bride and groom, wearing leis, cutting their wedding cake.
People are conversing at a dining table under a canopy.
Two girls in a crowd are dressed up, one as the cartoon character Wall-E.
A woman in a red shirt holding a cellphone.
Four teenagers having a blast in a basement playing the video game Rock Band.
A dog drops a red disc on a beach.
Two women kickboxing, the woman wearing red is blocking a kick from the other smirking woman wearing blue.
Gardening is fun and relaxing.
An elderly woman sits near a small Christmas tree holding an unwrapped present, and wearing a lampshade on her head.
A woman walking through a parking lot with no shoes on.
A little boy sitting outside on the patio, coloring a picture.
Two women are consulting a shopping list while stopped at the end of an aisle at Target.
The girl in a dress is jumping in the air outside.
A boy slides down an inflatable water slide.
A blond-haired boy in a red shirt and blue shorts painting on a canvas.
A woman with long blond-hair is reaching into the backseat of her car
A young boy plays in a yellow tunnel on a playground.
Man riding the JAL car in an airport.
Bird's eye view of a city worker walking on the street.
Woman with dark glasses and ball cap talking on a cellphone
A woman in a blue and white shirt is wearing a cowboy hat.
A little girl is riding on the front of a shopping cart in a store.
A construction worker pointing to an object or area not seen in photo.
Half naked man jumping into a body of water.
A person wearing a hard hat rides a bicycle on the street.
A blond girl is performing karate and kicking through blocks of wood.
A woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled "LUCKY" full of bills.
Border collie jumps in the air and catches a tennis ball.
2 women on a couch, woman in white appears to be describing something in her hand.
A little boy, who's face is painted like a zombie climbs on a stone structure.
A group of people are eating in a restaurant with a mural of a lady shopping behind them.
A group of young men hand out in a park with their skateboards.
Five people are jumping in the air for a photo opportunity in front of a fountain.
Little girl with blue eyes eating cookies.
A young girl places a small picture into a foam backing.
Three people standing in the refrigerated juice aisle of a store.
The large brown dog is jumping into a swimming pool.
A man sits with a paper in his hands.
Two men in orange jumpsuits are walking along a street.
Two women are walking across a street together.
An Asian man and woman are facing each other and making angry faces.
Two young boys in suits wrestle.
Woman wearing a black sunhat, black dress and black Ugg clogs, walking in a city square.
A woman with a white shirt walking down the sidewalk.
The two small dogs run through the grass.
Young man shows off by diving off a cliff in front of his girl.
An Asian girl carrying a pink bag is walking away down a busy city street.
The girl is holding a green ball.
A man with a scruffy beard passes out fliers near a few bikes chained to a gate.
A military member talks to another while on the streets.
Black dog with black and tan face running through water.
A boy looks surly as his father looks at the camera.
A girl with short cut hair is cooking food on a grill.
A black and white dog bounds through a field.
A young child sits on some pillows with a green tray of chopped-up food in front of him.
Several people are walking along a scenic one-way highway.
The sun sets behind a bridge while a man rides a bicycle.
Person in pink skis wearing skis on a slope.
A photographer peeks out between rocky hills to take a picture.
A woman in a wedding dress is brushing her teeth.
A brown dog smelling a gray dog's tail.
Two small children, one boy and one girl, standing near a street vendor talking.
A group of people are sitting near the ocean.
There is a toddler playing on a playground.
A male and two female hikers pose in front of a mountainous landscape.
A man is standing in the street during the evening.
Members of a band perform dressed in white while the drummer sits behind them.
Little boy eating a red Popsicle.
A child sits on top of a large tree stump.
Two small dogs chasing a red striped ball.
A little boy in a red shirt and baseball hat kneels in shallow water with a yellow bucket full of sand.
Two dogs are looking up at a person.
A woman wearing a scarf on her head sits next to a young boy wearing blue.
A gray-haired man is standing in the water with a yellow bucket.
A tan dog shaking the water off of himself
A little boy skateboards on a cement ramp.
Two guys stand outside of a building that has been spray painted with words.
A crowd is watching runners during a marathon.
Two men stand at the mid-way division of a city road.
A young boy seems to be enjoying himself in a park.
Four females, one of which is a child wearing a mask in a pink shirt.
A man leaps in the air on a snow-covered mountain slope.
Young boy cooking in a grill on the backyard.
A child wearing a hat and a white shirt sitting.
Two female performers wearing costumes are standing in the street beside a building.
A person is riding a bucking animal in front of a crowd.
A child in a white dress is passing a table next to a pond.
A child jumps upside down on a trampoline.
These men are caged, building what looks like a foundation.
A construction worker stands at the top of a wooden structure.
A dog swims through the water while holding a stick in its mouth.
A man heads into the shadows of an overpass.
A child standing crouched on a tree limb.
A man in and England jersey standing in a grass field.
A man and a woman stand underneath a brick arch and read newspapers.
Two dogs play tug-of-war with a disc, in knee-high water.
A group of people dressed in karate uniforms are all kicking into the air.
A brown dog next to a stone bench.
A little girl in a pink bathing suit laughs by a pool.
A woman in a headscarf in the desert
A couple sitting on a rock overlooking a valley filled with trees
A man stands looking in the distance as the sun peaks behind a wooden structure.
A boy catcher in a helmet, stretching out his gloved hand for a catch.
Children playing a video game together.
Three kayakers are traveling in the water along side snowcapped mountains.
A cow farm at the base of a mountain near a lake.
A boy in blue drinking from a cup with other children in the background.
A child with a sweater is holding a pen in his mouth.
A woman wearing a black shawl walking out of a building.
Five little girls in yellow play in a room with toys.
A man in a yellow jacket rides a yellow bike laden with several packages on the street.
A girl sitting on a wall near white crosses in the ground.
A little boy in a green shirt is holding a large snake.
Three women and a little girl play with a small puppy.
Lady wearing a straw hat and flip-flops watches the tossed object fly through the air.
A woman practicing martial arts in a gym.
An orange canoe aimed toward two other canoes on a lake.
A fast running Greyhound during a race.
A crowd of people has gathered next to a field of colorful wildflowers.
A young girl in pink pants waters potted plants.
Two people wearing jackets are walking by a museum exhibit while several people surround the exhibit.
A man is overlooking a big, snowy mountain.
A girl in a floral dress cries on a sand dune.
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
A woman, in the pink shirt, is playing Jenga, while two young adults watch.
The large beige dog is running through the grass.
A brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick
The little kid is swinging in the backyard.
A asian girl waters plants next to the driveway as a lady walks past on the sidewalk.
A dog bounds across the green grass.
A dog is fetching a tennis ball in a patch of green grass.
A child with her head in a cut out of a cow.
Men singing blues in one of the lovely orchestra episodes courtesy of Shell corporation of America.
Urban Tree worker pruning a tree while suspended by a harness.
While others watch, a young girl jumps into a pool as a woman reaches for her.
A smiling woman holds a cake near a man.
A school kid starring at a lemon juice shop feels like he wants to taste that juice.
Three police cars are needed to apprehend a suspect.
The young lady with the red shirt is in front of the crowd.
A man and women sits on a beach while the sun sets.
A big brown dog swims towards the camera.
A smiling boy floats in a pool.
Am older woman in a black top intently reading a book at the kitchen table.
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.
Three guys r working with a big glass frame.
Two people standing with a naked guitar player in a busy street.
A man with a backpack sits on a fallen log by the river.
An old man stands in front of a rundown building.
Two boys dressed in white capes running on a path in a field.
Race dogs midair while they run.
A woman is looking at the ceiling while taking off her hat.
A man with a bushy beard and pink shirt is smiling.
A toddler and a baby play at the end of a slide.
A man making balloon figures during an outdoor event.
An older boy with his arm around a younger kid under a sequoia tree.
The person on the bicycle is wearing red.
Two men are working with a cement mixer and pouring cement into a hole in a street.
Construction workers pour concrete to fill a hole on the side of the road.
A small group of workers appears to be working on street excavation or repair while a woman and a man walk past them as a black sedan drives by.
A softball player runs toward home plate.
Two men hugging in a crowd in front of a brick wall.
A young man lights a lighter while another looks on.
A man in black is purchasing something at the register in a store.
A young girl in a purple bathing suit taking a break by the pool.
A group of people gathered around a brick building that has three men on top of it.
A man in a crowd raises his arms pleadingly.
A woman irons clothing in a bedroom with hardwood floors.
A black dog chasing a red ball through the water.
Several youths in black and white shirts and blue jeans walk down a street.
The little boy bends down to look at an animal.
A girl in a pink hat looks out at a pool of water.
People riding scooters through a crowded street.
Two men greet each other with a hug.
A man with sunglasses on puts a chip in his mouth.
Two men are talking, younger and older, while the wise old owl listens, in silence.
Police on motorcycles are escorting a motorcade.
A small boy in shorts and a red shirt, airborne on an inflatable slide.
A white dog sits on a rocky lawn.
Two older men outside loading or unloading a trailer full of giant white cylinders.
A blond child walks past a store window display.
A little dog looks at a tennis ball in the air and a parrot sits nearby.
A young boy rides a red horse.
The gray dog has its eyes closed.
A worker looks off into the distance while a China Shipping crate sits behind him.
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
A boy swings in the air.
A man in his studio is looking at his sculpture in progress.
A person jumping off of a high rock.
Kayaker in protective helmet and blue kayak keeps afloat in raging waters.
A little girl is taking a picture outside.
A man is welding without the proper safety equipment on.
A colorfully dress person is posing with a blue and white umbrella.
A barefoot woman wearing a tank top looking at toys in an aisle at a store.
An Indian man with a big cellphone.
Two men are interacting with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall.
A man with white hair, blue jeans, and a white T-shirt chiseling an object.
A woman shows a dog with very long hair at a dog show.
A small dog chases a tennis ball on pavement.
A person on a motorcycle popping a wheelie in a parkinglot.
Sitting youth attempts to follow instructions and complete a model
A well dressed man sleeps in front of a store window advertising books.
Two ladies are sitting and are watching something.
A man in a black jacket with a white stripe down the sleeve is smiling.
The number four dog ahead of other dogs.
A mother and daughter walking on the street, passing a man reading a newspaper.
A group of people sitting on a couch sipping drinks.
Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.
A happy baby wears an orange life vest.
A girl swings a young boy near an arched doorway.
An asian male brushing his teeth at a white sink.
A man wearing a blue plaid shirt bites into some food.
A dog chases a deer into the woods.
A woman with curly hair is looking through a large display of purses on a table.
A girl reaching down into the water while standing at the edge of a river.
In a living room, a young boy wearing a toy stethoscope prepares to listen to a woman's heartbeat.
A colorful parade in honor of photos depicted on a board.
A Hawaiian man without a shirt on and wearing a pink flower in his hair and a green wrap playing an instrument.
A man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk.
A construction worker is carrying two by fours, in front of a recently constructed wooden wall.
Skateboarder performing a spectacular stair jump.
The girl is happily swinging on a swing outside.
A little boy and 4 turkeys walking
One man is sleeping, the other is jumping on his bed, both are wearing white and look to be on Indian descent.
2 boys standing in a poverty stricken area on top of a trash pile.
People that live in slums are showing how they attempt to clean.
Two girls sitting on ground
A homeless man in a white cap is standing behind large, orange cones.
A female with a pink shirt painting a star on the american flag.
We pledge allegiance to whatever you want if you only give us a little food.
A group of children are taught to use computers.
At a brick-floored area near the beach, a middle-aged white man surrounded by a white family is sitting and painting a portrait of someone.
Two dogs playing in a school yard
A skateboarder doing a trick in the air on a skating ramp.
A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
A man in the park doing some rock climbing.
An older man holds a small infant that's wrapped in a blue and white blanket.
A possibly drunken man lays on the ground beside a busy road.
A woman is running in a marathon.
Two people sitting in the dark near a blazing fire.
A married couple looking out, on the waterfront.
A married couple pose for pictures on a grassy hillside on a cloudy day.
Bridesmaids and bride grooms are posing for a photo with the couple getting married.
A woman in a bride's dress is inspecting a bouquet.
Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride's wedding dress.
A boy in a red vest and white karate outfit is sparring with a boy in a blue vest.
Young girl posing with crowd in the background
The little white and brown dog is swimming in a pool.
People are gathering for some event in the city.
A beautiful lady is sitting at a table dressed up in a light blue dress.
A woman and two kids wearing hats walks down a trail.
A young toddler plays with his plastic toys on the sidewalk, while a woman with a shopping bag leans against a green metal bar.
A crowd hangs out in front of a pink "finish" sine.
An ice cream truck employee is sitting on the side of the ice cream truck.
An old man sits on a bench overlooking the water.
Rocks surround the feet of an adventurer, burrowing into an underground cave.
A baby sits on a tire and holds a toy.
A man is walking on the beach and leaving some footprints behind
Large dog and cat staring at each other on a brick pavement.
Fishermen work their nets closer to shore while a boat sits in the water connected to the nets.
A black dog jumping off a dock into water.
Several women, wearing pink "Energizer" bunny ears, point to the right.
Children play in a soccer game.
A gymnast is bending over on a yellow mat on the grass.
Two men in a construction hat and reflective safety vests at work.
A man in a blue jacket is up on a ladder that is being help up by a woman in a red jacket
A group of cheerleaders in black and orange outfits are cheering.
A large group of people participate in a marathon along a city street.
Two men working on a steel structure.
Two white dogs run side by side in green grass.
Man performing stunt, lady breaking block on his stomach with sludge hammer.
Three women are sunbathing on a rock formation that borders a body of water.
An adult holding a very young child's leg while he in on a hammock.
A man in denim overalls rides a Segway down a city sidewalk.
A boy walking through chairs and tables at Au Bon Pain.
A lady in a kitchen is standing in front of the stove frying something in a frying pan.
A man in a black shirt is reading the side of a bowl.
Three women are in different poses on a path lined by bamboo trees.
People walking down a sidewalk on a beach.
A man and woman in black sitting at kitchen counter watching a woman in a red tank top mix dough on a cutting board.
A man removes his shoes, sits on the bench, and watches the large fountain.
Two brown and white dogs, one jumping over a log while the one behind runs through the grass.
Two women take outdoor photographs on a cinder track.
A man wearing a white shirt with glasses stirring food on the stove.
Two men carrying fishing poles walking along the beach.
A lone swinger on a swing ride at the fair.
2 guys are in a fenced in dirt area.
A man who looks sad holding a tissue riding on a city bus.
A tennis player in a white outfit hits a tennis ball.
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
Two men without shirts are washing a roof.
A little boy with blond is playing with sand and a shovel.
A group of children running with a dog down a grassy hill.
A young, blond girl in a fairy outfit is riding a pink and purple tricycle.
A car is parked in a graffiti filled street.
A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water.
An elderly man walking down the street unwary of the people around him.
A group of children stand underneath some banners, stretching their arms over their heads.
A busy woman quickly poses for a picture while mopping the kitchen.
Boys are standing outside of a brick establishment whie one boy starts to run.
A man is playing a keyboard with another man playing drums.
A woman wearing a brown costume and fuzzy black wings is riding a bike
A group of kids jumping into a swimming pool.
A black dog and brown dog are running around in the sand.
A dog with a Frisbee, swimming in a lake.
An oriental woman who is wearing a hat walks down the busy street.
A couple in a restaurant are holding hands.
A man with a plaid shirt and green hat mows the lawn near the sidewalk.
An African woman standing near a picket fence by the roadside.
A man a blue shirt cooking food on a grill.
A topless woman is covered in mud.
Two nude women painted black and white are riding bicycles on the road.
A group of musicians are assembled to play music.
A man in a red shirt on the city street doing a fire trick.
The black and white animal is in the grass.
A family jumps into a blow up raft in their living room.
A man is sitting down while welding an object.
A man is pushing a stroller down a wet road with a child walking along side.
The child is holding a camera up close.
A young woman in a tank top and culottes is carrying a baby.
An informally dressed orchestra is rehearsing in an empty auditorium.
Two brown dogs play in shallow water
A large brown dog and a large black and white dog running together
Two dogs stand chest deep in water, next to a stick.
A red dog stands in a rocky shore, its feet in the sea.
A young girl looks at all the fresh produce available at the market.
A child is spinning a hand helicopter in a field of grass.
One boy pushes a shopping cart with another smaller boy standing up in it.
Several people playing instruments in a room together.
Several people are in a room staring at a wall with projected images on it
People are busy eating on the hotel.
A woman in a green bikini is in the water.
A man wearing a green headband is working on a construction project.
A young boy blows bubbles on a grassy lawn.
Young adult in a green shirt with red-hair writing on a piece of paper.
A girl using a pink pen to take notes from her book.
Two black dogs are swimming in a pool.
A man with a mustache and black hat holds a small yellow item up to the camera.
A woman with a flowered lei is playing the guitar.
Two girls with long hair jumping on a trampoline.
A woman wearing a white shirt is holding up a loaf of bread.
A tennis player wearing a red shirt about to hit a tennis ball with her racquet.
A father and his child sitting on a bench at a barbecue.
A boy is sitting at a table writing in his notebook.
There are six workers at a road construction site.
A dog bites a cat while they lay on a bed together.
A young boy and girl playing.
A little pigtailed girl in a pink sweatshirt grabs the leg of a young boy.
A little boy is posing on a stone wall outside.
A man in neon green cleans up outside a building with some graffiti.
Boy sliding down the slide with outstretched arms.
A man in a blue shirt and brown baseball hat eating eggs at a restaurant.
A man holds a Turkish flag out of the window of a car.
The young boy flings mud at the barefoot girl in the pond.
A man on a surfboard riding a giant wave.
An old woman at a furniture shop, a small dog is looking as she walks away.
A tan dog and a black dog fight.
A man kneeling by a bright red kayak with several kayak and canoe business signs behind him.
A little girl with blond-hair looking at the crowd.
A young child enjoys playing in a car that features the cartoon character "Barney."
Two boys stand in the surf.
A girl wearing a pink hat is walking beside a sheep on a dusty path.
Woman in plaid shirt and skirt holding plant and smiling.
A group of people on the side of a busy street.
Outdoors in a park, eight people stand close to a cluttered picnic table.
A group of people gathering around picnic tables in a park lined with trees.
People talking at an event in a park.
A family eats sitting around a table and drinking wine, with two babies, the mother, father, and an unidentified woman.
A stand with many different dry foods, such as nuts.
A black lab jumps off a dock into a pond.
A woman in a red shirt stands in front of a cow mural.
A dog hops in a field while another dog stands next to it.
Two men with orange vest leaning over a railing.
A man with a cigarette and a woman in a blue shirt are kissing in a bar.
Two women in white dresses stroll through a park.
A group of young boys standing near another boy sitting on a swing on a playground.
An artist waiting to sketch a person on the street.
A little boy with a dirty face lays on a colorful rug.
The family is relaxing in lawn chairs and having beverages.
Young boys with backpacks walk down the street past a large bust of Buddha
A woman in a purple riding uniform rides a horse through a field.
A man in a gray shirt stands in front of a stand with contains bowls of colorful powders.
A teenage boy is performing a trick with his skateboard.
A man with dreadlocks, strolling along a street side cafe while strumming a guitar
A smaller white dog and large shepherd playing near two people.
A girl in a pink shirt and a man in a white shirt are walking in a field.
A band playing on stage for a crowd of people.
Child in blue dress holding sandal in one hand and eating blue cotton candy with other hand.
Young boys practice swimming in an indoor pool.
A child with goggles and a swim cap swimming in a pool.
A small boy in baseball attire swinging a bat.
A smiling child hold a long yellow and green object while looking at another child who is holding a similar object.
A man in a white cap and shirt hand-paddles a small blue boat.
A brown and black dog walking on the beach
A boy and girl play in a pool.
A dog's head is in the lap of a person eating off a small plate.
The beautiful young girl goes through the tube.
A young girl in front of a library runs through a fountain.
People watching TV while eating.
A little girl holding a frilly white dress out for the other little girl to examine.
Three women jump simultaneously by a seaside town.
Two groups of people sitting at a booth in a dinner.
A european farmer is putting hay down to keep the river from eroding.
A black and white dog looks back while walking on the beach.
Three women standing near a busy intersection.
Two girls are in a sack race.
Two dogs are running towards each other across the sand.
A black man wearing a white suit and hat is holding a paper cup.
A little boy takes a picture at the park.
A man and woman sit holding a sign reading "It's a nice day for a Gay Wedding."
A young man sits on the side of the road with his belongings.
Two boys play with a hula hoop in the yard.
Girl is waiting for the ball to come down as she plays tennis.
A young girl in a pink shirt is holding a pair of headphones.
People are riding the Cyclone thrill ride at the Coney Island amusement park.
The man is throwing a tennis ball for the brown dog to fetch.
An adult is pulling a child out of a ball pit.
A little girl in a white dress and no shoes walks down a dirt road in America.
Some people are eating at a food court.
Two men and a lady are walking down a country road with a beer, orange juice, and electronic device.
Three young boys flash signs with their hands and smile.
A brown dog gets wet in the water.
An equestrian jumps in the air in the horse yard.
A man laying on a seat face down, possibly sleeping.
A woman in a green dress waits with her luggage.
A black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth.
A little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square.
In this photo there is a young boy dressed as a baseball catcher kneeling behind home plate.
A young girl in a pink and white dress is hugging a graduate.
A young girl and two young boys playing with scooters on a dock during the day.
A small boy blows bubbles through a wand held by his mother.
Two men with orange shirts pushing children in strollers during marathon.
A dog is wading through deep water while holding a stick.
Two men at a concert are screaming.
A group of cars parked on a hill
There is a person standing on top of a stairway outside of a Costco store.
A brown dog jumps high in the grass.
While seated on a bench, a man in a red sweater is conversing with a man in a purple cardigan.
A child stands in front of a dancing wedding party.
A woman in an apron is holding a fish and there is a blue pot and several other ingredients on the table.
Three people sitting in a room with a bike and a scooter.
A woman wearing a white bikini top is being helped by a man to cross an expanse of water.
A man in blue and yellow shorts holds his hand over water.
A small dog jumping up to meet a yellow soccer ball.
A group of men standing outside a pizza place.
A small dog barks at a brown and white cow.
A man playing ball at sunset.
A youth is kicking a soccer ball in an empty brick area.
Man standing next to a speeding train looking at his cellphone.
Construction workers dressed in safety vests and hard hats inspect their work.
Two construction workers are wearing hard hats and orange vests.
A boy with a blue helmet and gray pants is rock-climbing.
A teacher is fixing a little student's hair.
A man in a red button-down shirt is teaching a class in a classroom with blue painted walls.
A white man on a phone sits at a very messy desk.
A group of people who are naked and riding bikes in the streets.
A man squatting in a park looking at something in the distance.
A man in a questionable bottom wheels his grocery cart across a gathering in the street.
This youngster says the rock climbing is a snap!
A younger man with glasses is sitting on a patch of grass next to other people.
An outdoor festival seems to be taking place.
A man in a brown shirt is holding a blue hat above his head and a red hat on his elbow.
A person in an orange helmet is skateboarding on a ramp.
Four men are performing work in a dirt lot, near a building, using a dump truck.
A man repairs a glider on a sunny day.
A football player running with the ball during a game.
A boy wearing a birthday hat plays in a puddle.
A group of five police officers on motorcycles are riding on a city street.
Soldier sitting on top of Jeep holding a machine gun and soldier sitting inside.
A small child in an Izod shirt holds a cellphone to her ear.
Furniture inside and outside of a moving truck.
This dog is jumping through the water.
A woman holds a line on a sailboat.
People hang upside down as a roller coaster executes a spiral loop-the-loop.
Five Asian people sitting around a round table.
A happy gay couple taking a walk through a park.
The man races his bike down the hill.
A woman is outside looking over the ocean as the sun sets.
A white dog running through the grass.
Cowboy in blue and red pants getting bucked off a horse.
Four people are looking through a fence.
A mountain biker in red is riding on a woodland path.
A little girl in a pink shirt about to cry
A boy in blue soccer shirt and shorts stands watching two other children play soccer.
A policeman looks at an advertisement in a window
A man, wearing a blue shirt, is wearing headphones and working with sound equipment.
A woman carrying a bucket of flowers.
A man in a striped shirt is playing guitar for several people standing around him.
A man is mixing something in a very large bowl.
A man with many tattoos and body piercings is swallowing a sword in a performance at an outdoor festival.
A man is playing a harmonica in a restaurant facing you.
Native man fishing in a dugout canoe on a blue green bay.
Steers and man enjoying a day at the beach.
A toddler in a light blue overall sits at the top of a red plastic slide.
A man fills up an old bucket with sand.
A man in a yellow shirt and khaki shorts is balancing on a metal chain.
Two dogs playing with a stick in the water.
A professional athlete is stepping up to the plate to make a swing at the ball.
Several people are sitting inside a dark art gallery.
A young man is shaving off his beard using shaving foam and a razor.
Small boys in sports jerseys play with a yellow ball.
A group of men sitting on the floor of a windowless room.
Two male twins are folding a blue towel together.
Six young boys, one African American, one Latino, and the others Caucasian, are standing in front of a chain link fence wearing various types of clothing, five of them are holding their ears.
A man in a quilted jacket seen from behind stands in front of a wicker chair.
Woman in pink goes for a stroll through a field.
A large woman stands in the street.
A gray-haired man with glasses is sitting on a large bench with his legs stretched out.
The dog walks in the shallow water.
A white dog is running down a path between bushes.
A young girl wearing blue is jumping in the air.
Two men in uniform hold up sign with young children.
A group of people sits in the shade under a tree.
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background.
People walking on dirt road with two trucks
Two brown couches facing each other across a coffee table piled with newspapers and magazines.
A man and woman facing each other on a bench.
Three dogs run away from a patch of non-grassy surface leaving one another dog behind.
They are writing while wearing blue.
A young African American boy sitting on a wooden bench in a library, looking through a book.
A child in a swing.
A mom is sitting down outside on a chair while holding her daughter in her lap.
A young girl cleans the ground with a rag.
There are many children having fun at a party.
Twelve children are sitting on the ground.
A man is talking while two people are near him.
African Americans sitting on chairs in a classroom.
Women in African garb sit outside while one in Western wear walks past.
Laura Bush speaking at a conference on global literacy.
A man with a yellow shirt standing behind a black podium.
A group of walkers looking at a store display.
A woman in a black suit stands smiling in front of another woman in a red jacket.
A woman with brown hair is smiling and is wearing a convention-type badge.
A woman in a green shirt standing at a podium.
Building with Blacks sitting outside in a third world country.
A white woman sits and reads while surrounded by six young black children.
A blond woman trying on some heels in a shoe store.
Three people are standing in an aisle between two shelving units stacked with books.
Two African-American children read a book.
A man is standing beside a large, colorful birdcage containing birds.
A man is in a barber's shop getting a haircut.
A young child runs down a gravel road covered with dead leaves.
Two dogs bark behind a fence.
Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues.
A man is being lifted by another man in a asian martial arts move.
A woman is riding a bike through a busy marketplace.
Two Asian girls are performing in costumes.
A woman wearing shorts holds a baby amongst a crowd of mostly children outside in a large fountain.
A passerby and a sidewalk construction worker.
The two gray dogs are trying to get a red object.
A man running barefoot on the grass.
There is a large group of people standing in grass with most of them holding their hands in the air.
A big, red tractor, pulls a flatbed along a dirt road.
Two dogs run through shallow water in a bay.
A runner is being chased by a man in a penguin costume.
A middle-aged married guy in a yellow shirt is sweating and playing a brown guitar
People sitting or standing on a bus.
A child, sitting at a table, holds a sandwich in her hands and is crying.
A cement truck pours cement on the street.
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.
Caucasian female In a black dress, Near an old Wooden Fence.
A man in a green shirt is standing between two cars holding up 3 fingers.
Two dogs face each other in a field
A man with a hand injury is walking with a cane in a park.
A man drawing a picture of two women.
A person dressed in all blue walks down a road with tall trees on either side.
Women holds up two caricature portraits of herself while at dinner.
Two ladies seated at a table share a laugh.
A happy young couple having a glass of whine and talking.
A young girl chasing bubbles while running on a slate brick sidewalk.
A man looks over a railing into the water.
The three black dogs are swimming very close to each other.
A young boy climbs the rock wall.
A girl kneels on a round fountain that sprays water into the air.
Three men outside on the patio of a building.
A group of young teenagers try to catch an object in an outdoor alley.
The suspended painter is painting a wall.
A white-haired man lays down his cane and hat and rests next to a tree.
A small dog plays in the grass.
A baby is holding a cup and playing with a toy watering can.
Two dogs run in the water.
A young boy plays in the fountains shooting up from the ground.
People are walking through a crowded street.
A woman pushes a man in a wheelchair; in the background is an arch.
A crowd of people enjoying the sunshine in a plaza.
A guy in a black leather motorcycle suit an helmet on a silver motorcycle.
A little boy in Hawaiian shorts plays in a sprinkler.
Four women in red bathing suits are performing in the water as a crowd of people watch.
Swimming instructors show young girls how to float.
A man in a rice hat is carrying a lot of objects.
A little boy sits on concrete wall by the ocean.
A young boy and girl are sleeping in a bed.
A martial arts class takes place in Ourense, Spain.
A man in denim shorts and a straw hat is fishing off of the rocks.
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
Several people are standing and sitting on a grassy field watching a dog jump over a man to catch an orange Frisbee.
An Asian man sitting on a city street.
A woman playing with play equipment while a child looks on.
A boy in a pool wearing Spiderman floaties.
A boy in an orange "Spring Hill" ball team uniform, pitching the ball.
Two dogs walking along dirt path.
A man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park.
The baby sits on the sandy beach.
A girl bounces in a harness with a building in the background.
A black dog soaked in liquid jumping to the grass.
A woman dressed in black and white smokes a cigarette in a grassy area.
A man playing with a ball toy with his brown dog.
A young barefooted girl leaps in the air while playing a toy guitar.
Five men are standing in a boat.
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
A black dog standing in the water.
People looking at clothes and other items at an outside market.
Two children lay in the grass.
Closeup of dog in profile with mouth open.
Farmer's selling preserves out of a van.
Four women in similar red outfits are singing and using drums as they perform.
A girl is practicing her serve in the parking lot.
Three kites are in the air in front of a mountain range.
A young boy wearing a yellow shirt walking on the beach carrying a surfboard
A young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool.
Dark colored Mercury car parked in front of PNC Bank.
Young man dressed in black with white tennis shoes, lying on a large gray stone.
Three dogs racing madly around a racetrack.
A man in an orange safety vest is walking towards some buildings.
There are many people wearing helmets riding on bikes.
A man in a number 11 shirt ready to play soccer in the soccer field with thousands of people watching.
A brown dog is jumping through a field.
Two men in baseball hats selling asparagus and other vegetables from an outdoor stand to a woman carrying a green bag.
Kids in helmets play hockey outside.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
Little girl about to cool down in her pool.
A young, left handed batter in baseball the moment after he made a hit with a catcher nearby and a crowd in the background.
A little league boy making a hit.
A brown dog running in field of long green grass.
Two dogs running through grass next to a street.
A group of people playing a game with a tennis ball on a beach.
A young boy tilted forward in a child's swing.
A woman with white hair chisels at an uncompleted sculpture.
A woman in blue sweatpants is leaning against her backpack in the forest.
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.
A woman in blue pants is rock climbing.
A girl is looking over a boy's shoulder as he reads a book.
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
A black and brown dog is running on the beach.
Man in plaid suit shaking someones hand.
A man in a laboratory pours a clear liquid into a machine.
A girl holds onto a rope above the water.
A group of people on cellphones looking at the sky.
A woman in a patterned dress sings into a microphone.
At a little league baseball game, an umpire calls "safe" as a player crosses home.
A redhead wearing a red shirt climbs on tree branches.
A child climbs up the inside of a red tube in a play structure.
A red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree.
A young man playing an electric guitar while sitting on the sidewalk.
A motorcycle rider making a turn.
The rock climber appears to be stuck between a rock and a hard place.
Kayaker is in rough water.
A boy climbs rocks in the woods.
Delivery man in a blue baseball cap in a school.
A man walking a dog puts his arm around the shoulder of a woman with pink pants.
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
A person is using metal tongs to turn a shish kabob at the grill amongst other grilled food.
Two young girls wearing dresses and bonnets stand next to a tree.
A large brown dog is jumping into the ocean.
A man playing acoustic guitar in front of a shop window.
Two dogs both have the same stick in their mouth while they are swimming.
A boy falls off his red bike.
A black and white dog is walking with a blue Frisbee in its mouth.
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence.
A man in a rustic looking kitchen lays food out on the counter.
A man with a ponytail and cutoff shorts is hula hooping.
Woman in a blue shirt drinks while cooking over a grill.
A man sitting on a ledge eating an apple.
Several people are exiting a commercial jet aircraft.
The elderly man wearing the white cap is holding his thumb up.
A girl hanging upside down on a rope over a grassy lawn above a city.
A man in an apron grilling corn.
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.
A woman dances by herself as many people, in formal attire, watch.
2 people at a beach burying a 3rd person up to his head in sand.
A woman with a brown jacket reaches into a cupboard.
Persons of different races and ethnicities waiting to board a light train.
A man in a cowboy hat grilling food at a campground bar-b-que.
A man seems surprised when he got photographed while he was cutting meat in his kitchen.
A young man in a black shirt is cutting meat.
A man in a lab coat wearing glasses and looking at a computer monitor.
An older couple taking a walk together.
A brown dog with a tiny soccer ball in its mouth is standing on a blanket
A blond women in sunglasses sitting on a bench.
The children play with sparklers at night.
The little child is wearing blue goggles.
A man in a navy coat leans in to kiss a woman in a cream coat.
A little boy in a red shirt talking on a cellphone.
One woman in a black shirt swinging very high on a swing.
A man in a florescent jacket is wearing a helmet.
Two men install a statute and sign on top of a tree.
Young boy riding a bicycle with an older man.
A group of Native Americans sit in a circle chanting and beating a drum.
Man in a white shirt talks on the phone while others in the background walk past.
A man in a yellow jacket throwing a yellow Frisbee.
Seven construction workers working on a building.
Closeup of young boy with his face and body painted.
Two men playing guitars in a band on a stage.
A man in a tuxedo and a woman in a bride's gown are leaving a church.
A young girl dressed for a wedding amongst the bridesmaids.
A brown and white cow jumps away from a black and white cattle dog.
A man and two children at the beach.
A man wearing jeans, polo shirt and a baseball cap, fork in hand, is grilling meat outside in a fenced yard.
Guy playing the guitar on a bench with another man watching him.
Two Indian people are dancing at a wedding with flower petals all over the floor.
A dog pounces on the grass.
A black dog is walking along the grass sniffing at the ground.
A woman dressed in all red is making a "rawr" face and a claw imitation with her hand.
A group of people in an outdoor exercise class.
A woman is waiting to cross the road.
A lady in a blue shirt and pants is walking down a long hallway that is sparsely lighted.
A little girl is opening a birthday gift bag excitedly
A girl in a yellow dress is standing on the pavement outside a store.
A group of cyclists are looking at something on the road.
A black dog is running along the beach.
Two big dogs play in a room in a house.
A group of people are gathered on the beach, one man is carrying a surfboard out of the water.
A group of people sitting around a table with drinks.
A black dog runs in a yard while a woman observes
A man and two woman eating food at a local festival.
The baby in suspenders sits by a toy.
A girl with a red shirt is running in the grass.
A man wearing a white hard hat is in the middle of hammering a nail into a thick board.
A young child is riding a purple bike.
The silhouettes of men against a cloudy yet bright sky.
A man sits outside a building.
A dog is splashing through water trying to catch ice in its mouth.
Two boys cutting some meat.
A white dog with a collar and leash is about to chew on a stick.
A child putting eye makeup on a another woman.
A young child wearing a red shirt swinging on a faux tire swing.
A black and brown dog stands on a roof.
A woman in a blue shirt guides her dog over an obstacle.
A group of women are eating on a terrace.
Two young girls making upside down cupcake shapes in the sand.
The boy is outside holding a spray can.
A group of men wearing orange reflective vests and pants are posing for a photo.
An electrician in a orange jumpsuit tests several circuits.
A blond-haired man in a blue shirt surrounded by screens sitting at a desk and talking into a microphone.
Two workers are cleaning a structure at night.
Two inspectors in orange vests checking the electric doors of a train.
Worker in orange jumpsuit and headlamp standing by equipment.
A group of men in orange safety jackets inspect the engine of some sort of tram.
A man kneels on the ground while holding a banana.
A young boy smiles at the bottom of the slide.
Pops and the girls taking 40 winks.
Men gather around a basket full of fresh fish as another man lifts the largest fish in the air.
A little boy walks with a woman wearing red in a wheelchair.
People walking through an intersection of a city consisting of a grill and pizzeria.
Man and woman riding bikes on paved, fenced path near ocean.
A girl is throwing a football on the beach.
A woman making a sand sculpture of a horse's head.
Here is a picture of an Asian woman drinking beer outside and sitting on a green bench.
A group of people standing around in a room.
Walter Lou Anne Kitty Employees cheering in the success of creating battery powered locomotives
Construction workers are working in a tunnel.
Two men are standing on a sandy beach in front of the ocean.
A man in an orange vest holds a large bird.
A woman at the beach is sitting under an umbrella.
Three boys lounge on an outdoor basketball court.
A man in a uniform carrying a box exiting the steps of a plane.
A group of men in golden shirts singing in front of a microphone.
A woman in a red business suit sits on a step sharing food with a man in a leather jacket.
A group of people stand outside at night talking.
A family takes a ride on a yellow boat.
A girl in a black sweatshirt pours a bit of liquid into a small glass.
A man without a shirt climbs a rock wall with help from a red rope.
A group of kids look out of a fence.
Three chefs prepare dishes for customers, one of the chefs is a female.
A lady is taking a photo using a canon camera.
A woman is holding a drink in front of a white tent.
Three young women and one young man singing in an auditorium.
The family lines up for a photo at a wedding.
A woman in a beige jacket walking in a busy subway station.
He is calling his wife to tell he will be coming late.
A woman in a red sweater is sitting next to a man at a table outside.
A young man is holding a little boy and looking at him with love.
Parents with young children sitting at a picnic table.
A crowd of local fishermen inspect their nets on the beach.
Several people are sitting around a picnic table drinking beers.
A man chases a little girl in a flowery dress down a paved trail.
A toddler is petting the little white dog.
Two middle-aged men playing a game in a park on a sunny day.
Train construction workers talking to each other during project.
A group of people wearing orange coats with white stripes are standing together holding a piece of paper.
Construction workers stand near tracks at night.
Men are standing next to some sort of hydraulic machine.
Men in uniform working on a railroad.
Men in orange vests and white hard hats stand on scaffolds working.
Workers in orange vests putting up a yellow drop cloth.
Four city workers wearing orange vests are working on platforms in a subway.
A worker taking a reading on a subway train.
A man holding a hard hat wearing an orange shirt looks at the camera.
A tram inspector in an orange vest inspecting the tram seats.
Many people in bright orange vests seem to be working in a large building.
Construction workers toil on in a trench.
Many people in orange jackets are working in the subway station.
Painters on scaffolds paint the inside of a subway terminal.
Construction workers applying siding to the inside of a tunnel.
Construction workers repair walls of a subway.
A subway worker stands next to a car with several garbage bags inside.
Emergency workers with hoses lined up and descending down stairs.
A group of workers in orange vests are unraveling an orange hose in a building.
Workers in bright orange vests on the railway platform.
The back of a train worker in an orange vest and jeans at the Kilburn station platform.
Workers wearing orange vests are at a station
Four men wearing orange vests and white helmets are working on a railway track.
Someone waring a orange safety vest standing on a railroad bridge.
Construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge.
A man standing on the tracks.
A Quattro crane is operating during the train station construction.
Construction work taking place on a gravel railroad.
Two men appear to be having fun rollerblading down a sidewalk.
Orange vested men in hard hats working with jackhammers
A man in an orange suit is welding an iron pole.
Three men having a conversation outside of store.
A baby at the end of a slip and slide at a party
A girl drives a toy truck while a young boy plays behind her
People stand in the parking lot in front of a Central Market.
A man is playing an instrument and singing.
A balding man with glasses is holding a guitar and singing into a microphone next to his band mates.
A man demonstrating how a computer system works.
Men in orange vests are at work on a construction site.
A man doing maintenance on the railroad tracks
A hallway is littered with ladders and fabric during construction.
Construction workers are laying bricks in the median of a train station.
Workers in orange vests are working on the train platform.
Two black and one white construction workers work outside.
Workman on a scaffold are finishing a ceiling of a building.
A group of workers at a train station.
Men wearing orange uniforms and fake wings walk down a subway tunnel.
Two men with a dolly on an escalator.
Two men wearing orange vest using an industrial cleaning machine to clean stairs.
A man with an orange vest next to a train works with a handheld device.
A man wearing an orange jumpsuit is working underneath a railroad car.
A worker is holding a yellow machine on an escalator.
A man in a bright orange vest smiles as a group of men work behind him.
Workers are at work under scaffolding.
A construction worker in an orange vest is looking at a train tunnel with a Kennington sign on it.
A man is standing in front of a large gear.
Men in orange vests work together to lift an object.
A workman is wearing an orange vest, hard hat while tiling a building.
White man standing on scaffolding wearing an orange jacket painting a ceiling.
Two construction workers are working on a scaffold.
Two men in professional clothing and hard hats are conversing over reports.
A construction worker is talking on the phone in a train tunnel.
A man in an orange vest is working with wires on a subway.
Several people wearing orange vests are walking along the railroad tracks.
Hard labor workers moving gravel on a rainy day.
Railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime
Men in orange uniforms are in a tunnel.
Six workers are working on the train tracks.
A group of soccer players waiting for the game to start
Guy with number 12 jersey throwing soccer ball.
A woman wearing a bright red dress and bright red shoes is walking on gray pavement.
Rider in ceremonial garb rides white Arabian horse, also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels.
A woman with a pink scarf talks on the phone in front of a Pink store.
The girl with a red coat is walking across the grass.
Two people huddled near the ground in a dark alley.
A man in glasses looks at his electronic device.
Three children are playing on a swing on a summer day
Five people taking part in a discussion on a stage.
A girl in a white dress holding roses gives some to a man in a gray tank top.
A girl and boy bounce on large balls.
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass.
A girl running through uneven sand with some withered grass.
Workers clean the steps and the facade of a large statue in a park.
A man trains his body pulling a keg.
Three women wearing coats walking down the street on a rainy day.
A wet child standing in water.
A lone woman in a hat is sitting outside on a bench, under a tree.
A race car screeches through a turn as spectators watch.
Little kid running into the ocean, with pigeons all around.
Spectators watching white and blue race car passing by.
A group of people is gathering various items in front of a fallen tree.
Bag lady going through the trash.
A woman wearing a scarf over her hair in the distance behind some flowers.
Little girl in pink is on a ride.
A group of people are standing together outside as one takes a photograph.
Two long-haired men with beards playing instruments, one a banjo the other a violin.
A young boy in a striped shirt running down a sand dune.
A little boy bowls in a carpeted hallway.
A man stands on a grassy cliff that overhangs a deep blue ocean.
An older man sits among piles of scrap metal and tools.
The little girl is sitting on an old bench and making a face
A man all in gray is a living statue.
A man wearing a gray sweater and brown shorts cutting grass with a lawn mower.
A baby wearing a blue jacket is sitting in sand.
A man in a green shirts is sitting and designing a folding fan while waiting for customers.
A man sitting in a boat is floating near a cave.
A man in a gray suit is talking to another man in a black suit.
A man in a red shirt with a backpack walking past a vending machine.
Two high school basketball players reach to grab the ball, one falling to the floor.
A young man jumps on a table.
3 people, one man playing a guitar while sitting on the floor and two people playing a game on a sofa.
A yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch.
A red rally car taking a slippery turn in a race.
A white car racing in the dirt and water
A boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide.
Two yellow dogs play-fighting.
A man dressed as a cop, has a fake vulture perched on his arm.
There is a curly-haired brunette reading a menu.
A man is painting a yellow line on the street.
A man stands in a run-down looking area.
A brown and white dog playing with black dog.
Six contestants in a very close bike race all in different color uniforms.
The black and white race car is rounding the turn.
A man starts his day in India.
American hat is with blue stars and red stripes, looks pretty on this girl.
A couple kisses in a shady walkway.
A girl in a white dress walks toward the water and away from white boots on a beach.
A little boy in a kilt is fishing with a stick.
A pair of young boys in t-shirts are hiding in the woods with one looking aghast.
A man throws a green frisbee in a park.
A group of men in a yellow boat with their dogs.
A woman in blue denim shorts sits on stone wall.
A group of people are enjoying beers in the park.
The young football player is trying to avoid being tackled.
A boat carrying several men is pulled to shore by a large team of horses.
A young girl is getting ready to hit a softball.
Five young girls in front of a green camping tent, four sitting and one standing, enjoying a snack and having a conversation.
Artist in courtyard sitting drawing with people in foreground.
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.
A man in a safety suit training a police German Shepherd.
Several people are walking in the street and one has a cigarette.
A group of people in semi-formal clothing dance.
There are three women in pink dresses standing up drinking out of wineglasses.
A father and son are feeding the birds on a spring day.
A girl in a black shirt is looking to the side while sitting on a wooden bench.
A group of people picnic on a grassy hill near the ocean.
The brown and white dog is catching a Frisbee in his mouth.
A man climbs large rocks.
Barbecue for three on the boardwalk overlooking the water.
Small dog catching a ball in its mouth on a beach.
A man and a woman are playing violins outside in front of a window.
An old man peeling carrots in front of a crowd.
A group of people in the grass while one person on the right sits in a tree.
A bridal party poses for a group picture.
A man in a white t-shirt jumping something on his yellow bike.
A woman looking outside through a window.
This is a child, dressed in red and blue, swinging on a swing.
A dog swims through the water.
A teenage boy in a white shirt is speaking to a group of teenagers who are sitting at picnic tables in front of a park.
Two women are fighting in a martial arts tournament.
People sitting outside with a big tree on the left side.
The drenched dog is swimming.
A man in a sleeveless blue shirt and athletic pants punches a punching bag.
A race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance.
Three young girls and two blond women are jumping rope on the beech.
A girl in a red skirt with some hula hoops
A man in pink is chewing a toothpick on the subway.
A woman holds a baby while another child looks on.
A man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation.
Three people discuss the setting up process for a social event.
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.
A man playing cricket
A man is lying on the ground, laughing, during a ballgame.
A person eats noodles.
Two men, both in blue, stand on a boat with a gun.
A little boy holds a decorated cardboard box on his head.
A large group of teenagers are seated indoors in yellow seats.
Bikers stopped on a road.
A woman wearing glasses holds a mirror with one hand while drawing a picture with the other.
A man eats corn on the cob while talking to a woman.
Bright blue car going down a dirt road, as onlookers watch.
A group of people are standing around on a street.
A black and gray bucking bronco is attempting to buck off a cowboy at the rodeo.
A man in midair holding his bike's handlebars
Three young people stand on the street conversing.
A little boy is walking carrying a little pink flag.
A teenage boy is holding up a large white sheet of paper at an event, with two toddlers also in the picture.
Woman walking down stairs with little girl in an arena.
Two men on a stage playing guitar and singing.
A man relaxes in a tub of water with a candle lit behind him.
A child jumps off of a swing while it is in motion.
A man and woman are playing on a subway.
Children are under a large fountain in the city.
A black dog carries a toy on the grass.
A man in an old suit holding up a protest sign in a crowd of people.
Sting is singing and playing the guitar before an audience.
Three pre-teen girls wearing sunglasses dance and sing in a family home.
A woman in a yellow shirt is standing by food stand.
A bearded man wearing red shorts, a black t-shirt and mirrored sunglasses reclines in a folding chair.
One crazy man does the bump with a car as a friend looks on and laughs.
Two women on green chairs are looking at a book.
A young couple relaxing against a stone wall.
A dog participating in a race while wearing the number 6.
A little girl holds the water hose for the dog to drink from.
A big tan dog runs through a grass field with his tongue hanging.
The black dog catches something green in its mouth.
An elderly woman in tribal dress weaving brightly colored fabric.
A man with an accordion walks down the street of a public area.
A crowd shot of people lined up in front of a theater.
A girl on wood and a man walking outside.
The boy wearing the blue shirt is running on the grass between the trees.
A woman makes coffee at a coffee shop.
Two females standing next to each other looking up at the ceiling.
Toddler in pajamas plays with paper cutouts of the letter "P".
Emergency personnel tend to a victim who needs help.
Two little girls walk out into the sunshine.
A Asian or Chinese male singing a song with the direction of an Asian or Chinese female.
Six people are rafting in a river with a valley scenery.
Child sliding down a blue slide with mother at the top of the slide.
A young woman mid-jump on a trampoline in a beautiful countryside.
A young man in a blue t-shirt is holding his hand up to his mouth while sitting on a couch.
A man with a cigerette walks past graffitti which says "Where are you?"
A white dog with orange ribbons is jumping up to see a countertop.
A woman in a blue apron cooking in a kitchen.
A man in an apron is testing food while cooking over a stove.
This is a young man jumping midair on a trampoline.
A slightly overweight young man, with long black hair and a green sweatshirt, leans back in a chair holding a bottle to his chest.
A crowd of people sitting outside a building.
Two dogs running through a low lying body of water.
An old man is wearing a black jacket.
A band plays at a concert while the audience raises their hands over their head.
A woman wearing a yellow taxi costume poses on a street.
A man with a camera and a dog on a mound of gravel.
A boat sailing past the rising sun.
A woman in white shirt and purple headband is sitting and holding a pole with white a cloth.
Two girls are sitting on the ground and one is wearing an animal costume.
A very happy boy signs a large piece of paper with plethora names on it.
A man talks animatedly to a person in an orangutan suit.
A line of people has formed under a sign while other people lie on the ground.
Two women are writing on a sheet.
A man wearing a snorkel and goggles gives a thumbs up as he and another person speed through the water.
An African boy sips on his spoon in a green room.
A young boy wearing a cap holds his sunglasses while signing a banner.
A youth pulls on a cord while eating a sandwich, barefoot.
A woman is holding a baby as she writes with a green marker.
A dog leaps of a dog jump.
A young woman writes a message in chalk on the pavement.
Many people are gathered around the city street.
People eating outside of a restaurant, enjoying themselves and drinking beer and other drinks.
Two dogs are playing; one is catching a Frisbee.
A black and white dog walking over a blue dog ramp
Children wearing helmets ride horses in a ring.
A young boy in a white shirt is kicking a ball into a goal.
A girl smiling at the camera from a rope swing.
Child in a blue hoodie and shorts is sliding down a slide.
Boy crawling through a cement tunnel.
A smiling baby wearing a striped shirt, held by a woman with gray hair.
A brown dog runs through the grass.
A street vendor is reading a newspaper while waiting for customers.
A worker is working on the glass of a tall building.
Two tan dogs play with a blue toy in a green field of grass.
Three women wearing neon baseball caps and heart t-shirt are cheering.
A group of cheerleaders working and planning some of their routines.
A blond woman and a man are gathering outside with people.
A woman wearing a crown on her head stands out from the crowd at a park.
Old people sit and laugh at a restaurant.
A group of woman standing in front of a blue Sallie Mae banner.
A man in a suit is giving a presentation inside a building.
A man in a white shirt and striped tie making a speech at a podium.
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
The woman wearing a dress and hat, sits on the steps, with her head on her hands.
A transvestite standing on a city street in a polka-dot getup and fishnets.
Two young adults stop to take a picture with men dressed in costumes.
A man in ruffles pushes a stroller through a park.
A woman makes a gesture with her hands while sitting at a cafe.
People are talking at an exhibition.
Two men are sitting with their mouths wide open.
A woman in sunglasses drinking bottled water.
A black dog and a gray dog run on the beach.
A dog is running towards a ball to catch it.
A young man in black casual clothes walks indoors past a row of computer monitors on.
Three children play in the garden.
A man working on a bright orange machine.
Room of people using computers, and testing technology.
A young boy in a blue and brown shirt plays in the dirt with a rake.
A man in a black shirt holds the hand of a little girl in pigtails.
A white dog with beige spots is running through a field.
A small brown dog in the grass trying to catch bubbles
A little boy sitting among others in crowd with a curious look upon his face.
A child flying a kite.
An accident involving a green Sudan and a gray van.
A young woman shoots a gun at a target.
Man in a green t-shirt on a rope line jumping from one rock to another.
A black dog jumping to get a soccer ball.
A black and white dog jumps high to get a green Frisbee.
Two men talking to each other.
A restaurant setting inside a building where people are currently dining.
Three people gathering at a conference.
A dog lies on his back near a child reading a book.
A yellow dog runs through the grass.
A woman with a blue hat on holding an umbrella with a large crowd behind her.
Woman weaves while young girl sits nearby with colorful weaving all around them.
A man appears to be cooking up some food for customers in the street.
A man is speaking into a microphone at a podium.
A child is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and screaming.
A parent holds back her son from jumping onto the tracks.
Four men and a small boy sitting around an indoor fire.
A boy spins on a park playground.
A dog waits for a man to throw a ball into the ocean.
Dogs running and playing in a grassy area.
A group of people are outside a brick building taking pictures.
A man is sitting on a bench and reading a book.
There is a large crowd in front of a building.
Some women playing volleyball.
A formally dressed couple, she with her mouth open, stand next to each other.
A girl with red-hair is jumping on a sand dune.
A crowd of people walking on a sidewalk in a city.
A lady watching kids play on a tree.
Two people stand by a camel with containers strapped to him.
A woman wearing sunglasses and a flowered shirt looks to the left.
A man dressed in a purple shirt and red bandanna smiles at the people watching him.
A group of people walk through a carnival.
A black dog is running in the yard
One woman spikes the volleyball while the other attempts to block.
A man and woman garden together on a sunny day.
People walk on a sidewalk next to tram tracks.
A couple kisses on a busy sidewalk.
Local vendor in the city selling his product to city folk.
A man is doing tricks on a bicycle on a ramp while a crowd watches nearby.
A brown and black bull runs from a small black dog.
A group of children posing for a picture outside of a trailer.
A man making his chip set under the microscope
A young boy is carrying tire rubber down a dirty road.
A man jumping off a ramp on a skateboard in a crowded park.
A mother is playing with her two children on a seesaw.
Three children are pulling faces on a purple bench.
A woman in a black dress and flat shoes holds her head as she waits to cross the street.
A person is walking on a busy street while wearing a backpack.
A child wearing a red eye covering is reaching out to touch a very large bubble.
Three men working together in a field.
Black kid in black shorts bounces soccer ball on head at beach near water with another man looking at him.
A man throwing a stick for his black and tan dog.
A teenage girl with short brown hair knits with large needles and gray yarn.
A man sitting at a table in a restaurant.
A man in a safety vest sweeping up garbage at an outside venue.
An old man cleaning trash on the street.
A brown-haired lady smiles at the camera in front of trees.
Two thin dogs are running fast through tall dry grass.
A man on a motorcycle does a wheelie on the track.
A man at work with a navy colored sweater diving.
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor.
A dog swimming in a pond
A woman selling her wares on blankets on the ground with a stone wall behind her at an outdoor market
A man holding a bottle is standing over a grill.
Two female cheerleaders are doing a cheer while being lifted into the air by male cheerleaders.
A spoof drag queen dances on a bands stage.
Two men stand on a pier next to a teal colored watercraft.
Three women looking at an object on a couch.
Two woman marking a paper while standing in a crowd of people.
A lecture for a women's group.
The two women in the middle are holding red cans.
A woman about to eat in a white room.
A man dressed in a jean jacket and black boots sleeps on the floor.
Two children walking down a path in the woods.
Two white dogs running in the grass together.
A child is running on a chalk covered pavement.
From this angle you can see the tile floor pattern in this restaurant very well.
A group of people in a modern-looking casual restaurant.
A pair of hands involved in a task.
A medium sized brown dog jumping
Two men sit on the sidewalk with shopping carts filled with their belongings.
A group of people on a sidewalk and a woman with cleaning utensils.
A man wearing jeans and a red plaid shirt stands inside of a phone booth.
A dog running on the beach
A woman walking to work in front of a family on vacation.
Three men are working on a home improvement project.
Two friends are walking down the street engaged in a lively conversation.
A man in Seattle holds a sign begging for money.
The little girl is wearing a white T-shirt with a peace sign and a sea foam green tutu.
A black dog is shaking water off his body.
A man in a red shirt and a woman in a khaki shirt are standing talking.
The dog tries to bite a big blue ball.
A man wearing a blue vest and brown pants hiking up a mountain.
A man on a motorcycle going around a corner.
An older, balding man is sitting at computer with a reflective orange vest on in a work environment.
Several men are standing together behind a railing.
A child in a jacket is sitting in the grass.
Three black girls wearing white shirts smiling
A male in a baseball cap sitting on a wall painted black and yellow.
A large dog is running on the grass.
A crowd watches a baseball game as a man makes it to the base while another man tries to get the ball.
Two young girls holding hands and walking down a path at dusk.
The flight attendant dressed in yellow demonstrates life vest usage.
A man sleeps on a foldout chair on a sidewalk.
A man wearing a white shirt, black slacks, and white socks, in a resort hotel room, has leaped into the air to land on his bed.
A small child is chasing water squirts in a fountain.
Boy wearing a red shirt standing on a plastic object and holding a yellow toy shovel.
2 girls washing a floor covered in soap.
Four young kids have a picture taken of them while in midair.
A group of girls sitting together talking.
A man is performing a physical feat as people walk by and watch his performance.
A small sweets vendor sells under a tent at night.
A Man is riding a go-cart at the go-cart track.
Three lean, numbered, greyhounds race along a track.
The blond woman is crouching in a field of pink tulips, near a grassy field and trees.
A painter on a ladder paints the brick exterior blue.
A woman is weaving with a comb in her hand.
A young boy and a young girl are reading a book together.
Man wearing black shirt bent over using a saw to cut through stone.
A little girl in a striped shirt smiles at a restaurant.
Four cowboys sitting at a table drinking Jack Daniels in the middle of a rodeo arena.
A band plays in a bar setting
Two dudes kneeling down on the ground, making a hand gesture to the sky.
A man jogging in a marathon
A group of people both adult and children stand around a bunch of sheep.
A woman in red is sitting on the edge of a steep rock.
Two children riding tricycles are passing a pink banner.
A man holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.
A man moving rocks out of a wheel barrel.
Two hippies playing music in the quad, one even has blue hair.
Small boy reaching for blue bar in play area, another child in background.
These people are relaxing in the tall grass.
Women in white dresses are accompanied by men in tuxedos as they walk into a church.
Two people sitting on a tree stump next to a stream.
Two young boys in swetashirts at a playground
People gathered at a med-evil type festival.
A teenage boy runs through the dirt near a house in the country.
A person jumping in a rock and treefilled area.
Two black dogs play in the waves at the beach.
A skull of rowers on a lake.
Two people in a boat paddle their way past large trees.
Two boats are being maneuvered down a quiet river.
The young child is standing in a martial arts pose.
A child in a black hat and blue shirt is standing behind a wooden pole.
A man is rock climbing at sunset.
A rock sculptor working on a rock.
Two children sharing a space that permits them both to maximize their individual aspirations.
A young, barefoot girl in red sunglasses plays in a sink.
A little boy watches a Ferris Wheel in motion.
A yellow dog is walking along a mountain trail
The six kids are in the shade of a leafy green tree.
A singer, singing for people to hear.
A group of women is laughing while the women with blue top is holding a green paper.
Lady in a blue shirt who seems happy about the paper she is holding.
A brown dog running through a pond.
Closeup of little girl dancing
A construction worker in a white hard hat with a tribal tattoo on his right arm working in a bent over position.
A black dog splashes in the water.
A man is laying under a large mossy rock in the forest.
A white-haired man is staring at a metal rod.
There is a man in a light shirt climbing a rocky cliff.
Construction workers in orange working by a street.
Three men pouring cement from a cement truck.
Children playing with broken office equipment.
A person is flying with a yellow parachute above a green building.
A burly man on top of plastic pipes flexing in a black and white polo shirt.
A woman wearing a scarf stands near the water and looks down.
Little boy kicking pink soccer ball on a basketball court.
A girl sits on a rock wall while looking at her cellphone.
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.
Blond girl smiles while sitting on the side of the road.
A Hindi man sits behind a table with a bell looking at objects.
Three people swimming in the water and one person on the sand is running into the water.
The man fell asleep during work or class.
A blond dog runs down a path next to a rhododendron.
A woman holding a small ball chasing after a small boy.
Buddhist man with glasses sits at highly decorated desk in colorful office waving around a peacock feather.
A man in a red shirt is learning how to climb a cliff.
While playing soccer girl in red striped shirt runs into girl in white shirt.
A man in a black tank top is smoking.
A man in a dark tank-top holds an iron bar while looking to the right.
A man wearing a black sleeveless shirt doing construction work.
Two men who look very similar with beards are fighting over a waffle.
Two men are staring at each other, wearing country-specific uniforms.
Four people are sitting around a TV playing a video game.
The person is holding a picture in front of their face.
A man in a white shirt and dress pants sits just underneath a stone archway.
A girl in a red, white, and blue soccer uniform playing soccer.
Two teams of girls on the field are getting ready for the soccer game.
A man is sky surfing on the water.
Two girls in karate uniforms struggle in a dojo.
People practicing martial arts in a training hall.
Person on a wakeboard in the air
A man carrying wood in the wilderness.
A young boy with reddish hair and gray colored eyes sticks his tongue out.
Some people are sitting around a fire and drinking.
A man in a baseball cap is participating in a protest against ICE Raids in front of Stonehurst Elementary School.
Three people gathering and binding sticks or brush.
A young boy in red Crocs and a helmet hangs from a climbing wall.
A man on the sea.
A father and son are flying a red kite.
A little boy is in a bathroom holding a green ball.
A young Asian boy running with a white and gray dog on green grass.
A small child with blue sandals rides a scooter near the beach.
A man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field.
A man holds up a fish he just caught.
A person with a fishing pole is backlit against a blue cloudy sky.
Many motorcyclists ride along the street.
A man is sitting in a wooden chair in front of a white bookshelf and orange lamp.
A girl is sitting on a chair in a white room.
A man wearing a swimsuit dives into a pool surrounded by a screen.
A couple of people struggling through a muddy pit
Small boy in black shirt laying across bricks and sticking hand in the mud.
A small girl climbs a rock wall.
Two girls pillow fight in a school play yard.
An elderly woman is making tea in her kitchen.
At some kind of large seated event, a man and a child make strange poses.
A girl in a white hat is jumping to play tennis.
A young child plays with a colorful toy outside.
Foods and beverages on display in a Japanese marketplace.
A boy in a blue shirt on a mound of mud
Many children playing outside in the grass practicing punching.
A man in a kiln sharing a snack with his kids.
Four people playing a game in the grass.
A man with a red and white shirt and blue shorts, is jumping to hit a tennis ball with his racket.
Red-haired female answers questions while sitting at a table for craftzine.
A man playing with a soccer ball as two others look on in a large expanse of grass.
A woman stands in a field of flowers.
A tan greyhound wearing a gold shirt with a number on it runs down a track.
A police officer is standing in a doorway.
A shirtless man is laughing at his friend posing for a picture with a drink in his hand.
A young girl jumping in the sand on the beach
Two men, one with a black shirt and the other with a white shirt, are kicking each other without making contact.
Two little boys holding up there bowls of food for the camera.
A man wearing a yellow shirt and carrying coffee walking onto the sidewalk
A volleyball tournament that is sponsored in a Spanish country.
A player fell down onto a hard court in women's volleyball.
There is a man working on a billboard.
A little girl is blowing bubbles through a yellow hoop.
A boy is blowing bubbles
A woman and a dog both with the butts turned towards the camera
A group of four hiking through a snowy forest.
A black dog and a brown dog with a stick in his mouth are running in the field.
A group of people holding a sign that says "Maritime workers say stop black deaths in custody".
A man jumps to catch a frisbee, while a man and a woman run towards him.
A man pedals an unusual bicycle past a firetruck.
A man sits near a bicycle while people make selections from a street vendor in the background.
A woman in white clothes sits on the street.
An elderly person wearing glasses and an oversized gray coat is sitting in a doorway.
Two children climb on chains strung between two wooden poles.
A man is painting words on the front of a sales stand.
Six children running through a field of flowers surrounded by trees.
Two soccer ball players are chasing after the ball.
Two women are looking into a glass case.
A toddler riding on the shoulders of her dad
A black and a tan dog.
Blurry image of one young boy being pushed in a cart by another.
Two women sit facing each other while one looks out the window and the other reads a book.
A black dog with a brown muzzle swimming in water.
A young boy shovels sand into a mold.
Person standing in the water by a yellow boat with an oar in their hand.
Enjoying a parade on a hot summer day.
A walking guard stands in front of an Asian looking building.
A man with orange boots stands with a few other people.
Two men standing on a dock looking and pointing at boats.
Two dogs are playing in the sand.
A lady throwing an object at a target trying to win a prize at a carnival.
Four men pulling a cannon on a wagon.
A man in a red shirt trying jumping to get a handhold in a mountainous corner.
A guy with glasses is working on a computer in his office.
A Chelsea soccer player (Frank Lampard) and a Liverpool soccer player both make an attempt at the ball while the referee watches in the background.
A man wearing camouflage is down on all fours.
A young pitcher, wearing a maroon shirt and hat, has just thrown a pitch.
People stand in front of a sign that says "The Deep End."
A little boy kneels and prepares to throw a basketball.
A man and woman shop together downtown in a city.
Girl running through a field with a brown dog and a white dog.
The man in the backpack looks to his left.
A man in a blue vest sits perched outside a window with a paint can.
A man working on a building three stories up.
Five boys are sitting on a gray raft in the lake.
A boy jumps into the blue pool water.
A person hiking up a hill in the snow with a dog.
Four young children appear in this image wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the room.
An African American girl who had just received a doll from a family who adopted her from the states.
A girl trains her white dog with treats.
A boy baseball player in a green and yellow jersey leaps for the ball.
A kid is trying to climb a big rock.
The three boys who are wearing life jackets are looking into the water.
A group of people on a boat.
Three people standing in a group at a park and one man reading at a park.
A yellow dog jumping off of a porch.
A man with a beard in a captain suit with a bike next time him.
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
Workers wearing orange tear apart a cement structure with their massive vehicles.
A woman with thick curly blond-hair sits outdoors at a table.
A woman, in a t-shirt and a skirt, leans forward in an attempt to throw a large sized black ball.
A tan dog is bounding through grass.
A large white and black dog is running very fast through the grass.
A boy standing on a football field with a colored ball.
A young kid standing on a rock next to a body of water with his arms spread.
A man is wading in a river.
The man in the blue is posing for a picture next to his car.
Man has fallen off of a large white bull into a muddy pin.
A man balding, with glasses, and a tan suit jacket, fingers the strings of the inside of a piano with his left hand.
Boys dragging a monkey on the African plains.
A man is holding a little girl that is wearing a striped hat.
One adult and three children outside playing and having a good time.
A boy in a surfing shirt is swinging on a swing.
Three young african children in a poor part of africa one riding a bike.
A man with a beard stands in front of a used tires business.
A black and brown dog standing on a beam above water.
A band plays in front of a crowd at a Euro Jazz concert.
A person climbing a large rock with another person on the ground helping
A man on a boat is using a large stick to push another boat away.
People working together to secure a ceiling panel.
A man with a mad standing on a ladder holding yellow measuring tape.
A dog trying to jump a wire fence with something in his mouth.
An old man with blond-hair in a blue shirt and brown hat is playing an accordion.
The girls, all dressed in white, juggle batons in a courtyard.
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.
A person in a blue jacket sweeps up on wet brick.
A toddler sits in a bath, playing with a yellow toy and a toy dinosaur.
A man smiles at a street performer dressed up as an angel.
A woman juggles in a public place while wearing an angel costume.
Some guy stuffing his face at a get together.
A girl in a sports outfit balances a soccer ball on her head.
Young girls stands on one foot on top of a rock while her hair blows in the wind.
A baby boy swings in a swing, with a big smile on his face.
A guy relaxing in a lounge chair in his sunglasses.
An Asian man performs on a stage decorated with many lights.
Cycling team standing around in sunny tropical area
A woman holds a fish up that is connected to her fishing pole.
Two women stand outside with a young girl.
A woman in a pink scarf, purple sweater, green shirt, holding two boys, both in striped shirts, walking in a city park.
A man looks through produce at a Farmers' Market.
The girl in the bright red outfit is skipping across the path.
Two girls running through pool while water sprays over them
A white dog is following a black dog through the grassy area.
Men clothed in traditional German attire raising beer glasses.
A woman makes paper mache spheres while her friend goofs off!
Overhead view of vendor selling clothes and apparel.
Two people travel down a path going though a woods with a giant waterfall.
The man wearing a red shirt, is jumping into the air.
The lady is putting colored lipstick on her lips in the mirror.
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.
A rider on a white horse is in the middle of a jump over a hurdle.
A dog jumps off a wooden porch.
A little boy with his leg covered in painters tape, his brother wearing a superman cape.
A male gymnast is swinging on the rings.
A man in a black shirt and jeans stands at a microphone holding a guitar.
A man is crouching down holding on to his large brown dog.
A man dressed in blue pulling on a rope that's attached to a boat.
Man and jumping dog perform Frisbee act for crowd at outdoor event.
A woman is playing a guitar in front of a tree.
An older man plays violin in a bar.
A man is throwing freesbies into the air and the border collie is catching them in the air.
A group of people walking arm and arm across the green grass.
A child slides down a slide and into the water.
A man in brown clothing is swinging at a golf ball with a club.
Two men talking to another guy in a green cap as another man sleeps on a bench in the back.
A person in a wheelchair is on a sidewalk.
A team of baseball players in blue uniforms, walking together on field.
The dog runs in the park.
Three women, two with tattoos, walking down the street
A young child in blue jeans sliding down a blue slide
A person dressed in black and red protective gear drives an ATV on a track.
Two dogs fight over a piece of cloth.
Two golden dogs are chewing a white cushion on a wooden patio.
A man in glasses prays with two other men.
A girl going on a ride in a circus that spins around in circles up in the air.
A brown dog with tongue sticking out jumping over a log.
There is an older white-haired lady and a bulldog sitting on a tree stump.
A man with stick in field with two dogs.
A rocker with a flowered shirt and tie holds a drumstick next to a shirtless drummer.
A small girl jumping off on a barrier.
A girl flies through the air as a man stands with his arms outstretched.
A young man plays a grand piano while others visit nearby.
Three men, one in a blue shirt, one in a striped shirt and one in a white shirt are talking.
A longhaired man surfing a large wave.
A group of men wearing similar clothing backpacks through the countryside.
Three men wade into the ocean shore.
The lady in the aqua shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a white bench.
A man with a hat kneeling and taking a picture.
Some people are sitting in a watery pool beside the river.
Girl kissing butterfly resting in her hand.
Some sort of council sits at a table attentively looking out at the crowd.
A man in a sports coat is talking into a microphone.
Three adults sit at the front of a classroom while one woman stands behind a desk.
Several people with name-tags sit in blue theater-style seating.
At a mall, three women in white angel costumes entertain a little girl wearing a black outfit.
A lady dressed as an angel playing with children.
Five people dressed mostly in white are jumping on the sidewalk in the city.
A man in a white suit walking on stilts.
At the beach, a barefoot woman in a black skirt steals the red ball from a man in green shorts.
A man in a blue shirt stands with his hands on his hips.
A baby is peeking over the top of a blue playpen.
Two brown dogs are biting each other.
A small girl wearing a striped shirt is eating an ice cream cone with sprinkles on it.
Woman wearing blue jacket and orange scarf holding up literature for crowd of onlookers.
A young woman dressed in white with angel wings is balancing a bowling pin, while a man with a clowns nose is catching a bowling pen.
Two men in angel costumes jumping next to a woman on crutches.
A man, dressed as an angel, holds another person who is also dressed as an angel and is handing a piece of paper to a passerby.
A woman hands something to a street performer dressed in a white gown.
People dressed as angels running down a street.
A woman dressed as an angel is distributing paper advertisements.
A male street performer juggles a brass ring using two sticks, while a couple and a male passerby, look on.
A dog, nose to the ground, walks in a grassy field.
People and several dogs in a swimming pool in a park like setting.
A lady is on the floor packing a suitcase.
Two young men and two young women wait for a bus on a Japanese street
A young lady lying on the ground near water relaxing while reading a book.
A man with no short and red pants is laying down on a sidewalk.
Two men are each playing a violin.
A small string orchestra plays in a church where a crowd looks on.
A black and white dog jumping in the grass after a Frisbee.
A bunch of people are standing or sitting in a snow valley.
A band is playing instruments for a little crowd.
A musical band's vocalist and guitarist play center stage together amidst an impressive light show.
A brown dog wearing a red collar diving into snow.
The white dog is running through white posts on an obstacle course.
Four dogs jumping over a hurdle.
A guy is holding a red and white balloon at an indoor party.
A woman with short dark hair is holding a glass.
A dog standing up on two legs with something in his mouth.
A group of children in soccer uniforms chase after a soccer ball on a grassy field.
A crowd of scantily clad people at an outdoor festival
A group of men dancing outside.
Men are standing around, talking to each other in a room with a cloth ceiling and folding chairs.
A dog weaving through an obstacle course.
A woman is using a ruler at a desk to mark a sheet of paper.
Man cutting into a piece of meat with a fork and knife.
A young man wearing a yellow shirt and baseball helemt swinging a bat
Some people smile at each other over some beers.
Two women sitting down at a party, drinking large glasses of beer.
A young boy is playing in the yard.
A woman is driving her car with two dogs in the backseat.
A store is having a book sale.
A man plays an acoustic guitar on a plaid bed where three others sit.
A man works on constructing the stairway in a building.
A man wearing orange earmuffs cuts a block of wood with a chainsaw.
A man with safety ear covers working on wood.
A man in a red jacket is bicycling down the road.
A brown dog chasing a yellow toy.
An elderly person paints an imitation of a painting having on the wall while sitting.
A man in a blue jeans and sweater is working
A man in blue pants and a blue sweatshirt makes a railing out of wood.
A craftsman is sawing a plank of wood.
Two men working a machine in a wood shop.
A student uses old planer to work wood in a shop.
A group of people gather for a picture while a woman stands on a post and takes the picture.
A young boy with a broken arm sleeping in a hospital bed.
A little boy in a red soccer uniform is standing next to a soccer net.
Two boys in red uniforms playing soccer.
A young child in his red soccer uniform sprints under the watchful gaze of his father.
Little boys play soccer outside.
Two young children dressed in red soccer uniforms are enjoying the game.
Four little kids playing soccer in a park.
A boy in a helmet is riding his tricycle down a grassy gravel path beside a fence.
A man with a mustache grills hamburgers outside.
A skateboarder wearing a red plaid shirt does a trick off of a concrete ramp.
Mustached man in blue flannel shirt and brown Baltimore Ravins hat smiles.
Five people sit inside some kind of public transportation, most likely a train.
Two black and brown dogs are running through a field.
A man wearing a gray shirt jumps through the air with mountains in the background.
Two people ride together on a black motorcycle.
A black gentleman in a suit is sing before a stand up mike
A woman shows her spirit by wearing a team jacket.
A toddler playing outside in a garden with a coat and hat on.
A curious little boy watching a snail.
A guy and a girl talking on cement stairs outside near the bushes.
Two soccer players chase after the ball; one tries to maintain control whilst the others seeks to take it.
A black and white dog leaps to catch a Frisbee in a field.
A man jumping over a cart at Walmart.
A dark-skinned woman in a denim jacket is writing something.
8 people are standing by a river jumping for the camera.
A man wearing an orange t-shirt and a hard hat is working with the wood-chipping machine.
A man in a lift bucket is trimming tree branches.
This man is practicing kickboxing, where there is at least one other guy practicing as well.
A young girl performs a one handed cartwheel near a small garden.
A bunch of kids climbing sliding and playing on a really cool playground.
A man with a camera on a crane.
A masked man in blue shirt and a tie holding papers in front of him.
Man in jeans sweeping the dirty sidewalk.
Two soccer players both reach to kick a ball in a stadium full of people while others watch in anticipation.
Two children are playing on a pile a rocks.
Two small boys are wearing red shorts and yellow sleeveless shirts.
A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing.
A mustachioed man sits as two boys stand on either side of him at the entrance to an alley.
A woman with her backpack sits on a large rock and looks down over the mountains.
A sweaty short-haired woman stands in front of a microphone.
A man eats a waffle next to a baby
A man with a beard and glasses sits holding a small child.
A man and a baby sitting on a blanket on the lawn.
A man in an orange shirt ponders over his beverage.
A mother is holding her baby in her lap at a restaurant.
A woman eats a meal outdoors, sitting on a picnic bench.
A girl in a gray shit is throwing her hands up.
A woman in a white tank top is sitting at a table with Margarita glasses.
An important older man gives a speech to reporters.
A man in a suit is standing at a podium in front of an audience.
Two young boys are playing volleyball.
A man stands at the peak of a mountain and has his hand on a monument.
A little black girl wearing a blue bandanna with small gold earrings.
Two dogs fetch sticks in the snow next to the tree line.
Young boy jumping off of a trampoline into a lake.
Here is a picture of a man with long hair in a ponytail who works at this state park.
The young child is sitting on the grass in a park.
A woman of Asian looking descent in a black outfit standing in the airport baggage area.
Two women are in a bathroom and one has a broom.
Two young boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt path into a body of water.
A young boy plays on a merry-go-round.
A brown dog runs through the water on a beach.
A dog chases two geese.
The little girl is playing with her shoes off.
A mountain biker rides in the woods.
People in a crowd that seem to be listening to someone speak and possibly worshiping.
Man reading a newspaper at an outdoors restaurant.
A girl on skis in snow.
A white dog is running on sand.
A row of girls dressed in black sit on a stage.
People auditioning on a stage dancing.
Group of people wearing white shirts and black pants dancing on a stage.
A group of people are performing on stage.
A singer sings in the evening at a nightclub.
A group of singers auditioning on a Broadway stage.
Several people are dancing together in sync.
A dog is running and catching a ball
Several dancers with tight black pants, skirts, and colorful scarves dance.
Three ladies are together and one of them has 2 fingers exposed.
A girl has her head in a wooden cut out of a pirate ship while people throw tomatos.
A man on a ladder scraping some molding on a building.
A girl and a guy sitting on the ground while the girl is blowing bubbles.
A scantily clad woman dances around a seated man.
Four people wearing aprons and holding a mug in each hand are pouring something into each others mugs.
Kids are partying while listening to their iPods.
A four piece band playing on stage before some people.
A small band performing for people in a nightclub.
Two men playing guitars in an empty room.
A young woman is holding a music player with earphones as she walks.
Two women and a man are standing on a stage with a guitar nearby on the floor.
Three men are standing on stage performing.
A young man wearing jeans and jacket walking down a street.
A group of black people are dressed in African clothing, and they are looking forward.
Two men dressed in Arabic garb standing in a hallway.
Two children play in a yard with farm animals.
A woman wearing a black top standing in front of and holding a microphone.
Someone wearing shorts and a t-shirt jumping over white chairs.
Two overweight black women wearing work uniforms are sitting on some steps.
A teenage boy skateboards by a fence.
A man sitting down with his snowboard next to a woman standing with ski on a snowy mountain.
Two dogs fight over a green stuffed toy.
A man stirring sauce with a wooden spatula in a steel container on a stove top.
A dog runs in a field.
A group of people are sitting in collapsible chairs near trains and train track.
A black and white dog is climbing down a hill.
A little girl with a purple fuzzy hat is riding a tricycle outside.
A woman and two little boys posing for a picture at a dinner table.
A big brown dog sniffs a smaller dog in the gravel beside a body of water.
Workers are attending to a building with many windows.
A little girl plays in her toy house mansion, showing multiple bedrooms, and some other cool places to explore as well.
Two brown dogs together standing on the bank of a lake.
A group of people sit on both sides of a red stone structure.
A man wearing glasses is sitting at the table and checking his i-phone.
A blond girl wearing a white dress is arguing with another girl wearing a peach and white dress.
A man in a black robe talking to another man with an orange backpack on the street.
Three black dogs play in the grass.
Children play with wooden blocks in a room with a view of trees.
The boy is coming down the amusement slide on his knees.
White dog with dark markings jumping to catch an object.
A person sits with their back to a column while another person sits on nearby steps leading down.
Two young children under a blue and yellow umbrella.
An orchestra and choir prepare to perform in front of a golden statue in a large building surrounded by columns.
A girl waterskis on an autumn day.
Two men carrying a hot basket while a couple and a man look on.
A nude woman submerges herself in a natural pool.
A woman with blond-hair is smiling and putting on a white sweater.
A young boy swings a golf club with an open field in front of him.
A woman in tennis clothes running to hit a ball with her tennis racket.
A young individual lays in the sun on a hill drinking a soda.
A kid wearing a brown hoodie doing an ollie.
A meeting of young people sitting at a conference table.
A man with a headscarf is gesturing with his eyes closed while holding some kind of stick.
Three girls carrying large handbags are walking down the sidewalk.
A man in a red cap is speaking to a man in a black shirt and a man in a pink shirt with a shaved head.
Two women holding fast food drinks are laughing.
A toddler plays the guitar and pretends to be a rock star.
A smiling boy kneeling in a forest.
Two old men sit in the front of a boat named Cyranka on a lush, tree lined river.
Woman drilling a hole in a rock covered in blue squares.
A group of people stand around talking with drinks in their hands.
A large rock formation in the middle of a forest.
A young woman in short leggings and a thin green sweater is walking outside in a snowstorm.
A child standing in the grass with their arms spread wide.
A boy in a green shirt is holding a picture of Castro in the street.
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.
Two older ladies are sitting at a bench as a gentleman walks past them from behind.
People getting tired while travelling.
A little brown dog with a blue collar is being walked along a path.
Two naked boys at a pool.
A man is standing in a pond and playing with water.
Two men play acoustic guitar in a public place.
An elderly man and a young woman share a laugh on the beach.
A man in a kilt playing the bagpipes.
A man in a jacket jumping around a stick-pole on the beach.
A man in a red jacket takes pictures of graffiti.
Four people standing in an empty building with graffiti on the walls in the background.
A photographer with a red sweatshirt is inside a building.
A guy taking a photo of another guy who is standing in front of a broken television.
Woman in orange jacket playing with a black dog
There is a child in a red and yellow toy car.
Three men drinking coffee sitting at a conference table.
A woman dressed in a buff or light yellow dress and fairy wings entertains children at a festival.
A small toddler girl in a white dress walking
A group of young Asians are sitting on steps, eating and watching something going on in front of them.
A young man pauses to examine the image on his camera.
A man walking in front of a building with graffiti on it.
Four men looking up at another man getting ready to do something.
A man working on a contraption in an abandoned warehouse.
Two senor citizens talking on a public street.
An infant wearing a blue outfit is crying with their left hand visible.
A small dog jumps by a car to reach a lady's face while another dog watches.
Three women are jogging on a path.
An obese man dressed in only shorts, parking a red motor scooter
A kid takes flight inside a multicolored balloon bounce house.
A small child on a blue toy is wearing an orange shirt.
There is a man walking with a bag in front of a black square paneled wall.
A man is banging on pots and pans in his kitchen.
Two men in white shirts with matching logos inspect the engine of a vintage red convertible.
A female Texas A&amp;M tennis player dribbling the tennis ball.
One man is standing in a red room while another person sits next to him.
A girl sits in a car wearing sunglasses and a hat.
A few people and cars out on their daily commute on a rainy day.
Three individuals preparing food on a kitchen counter.
A blond lady in a pink shirt is singing in front of a brick wall.
Two small dogs play on the lawn.
A tractor with a shovel arm is operated by a orange vest wearing driver at a construction site.
A construction worker siting on a green tractor.
A man in an orange shirt and yellow hard hat walks on a road.
Men doing construction on a road.
Two men with red vests and green hats smoothing out wet cement
Group of male and female singers on stage.
A middle-aged woman is repairing a part under the hood of her car.
An old lady wearing a hat and smiling.
Two small babies are sitting in identical strollers.
The brown dog is running in the water.
A man in a green long-sleeve shirt playing the violin in an empty auditorium.
A baby is sleeping with his blanket on.
An older gentlemen who is wearing a striped polo shirt holding a little kid's hand.
A man and a woman stand facing each other in front of a silver-colored wall.
Two young asian girls look off into the distance while standing in an urban area.
The employees of a culinary establishment prepare food for watching customers.
A young girl dressed in vibrant clothes, grooms the dapple horse.
A woman walking beside a purple wall.
Younger looking man wearing black shorts and tank, with running shoes, laying down on a outdoor bench.
A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd.
People outside in yard with two kids climbing ladder to tree house.
A brown-haired lady in a red shirt and black pants standing, looking around.
A girl with a pink striped shirt is walking up a set of stone stairs.
People walking along a pathway along a lake.
Large furry dog walking in the sand near large rocks.
A girl dances like a man in costume
Three infants wearing sunhats are playing at the edge of the water on a beach.
A dog wearing a blue sweater holds a yellow toy in its mouth.
A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy.
Several people wait for a train.
Young girl in winter coat jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
A man is wearing blue waving at a stopped bus.
A man and a woman wearing jackets embrace in a hug.
A newly bathed dog is wrapped in a blanket by a caring woman.
A person jumping in the air while holding onto a string attached to a large balloon as others watch.
Group of people gathering around a parade float.
A woman in a black outfit is standing in a hardwood floored room looking out a window.
A young girl wearing a party hat is laughing.
A man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left.
A Oklahoma Sooners football player wearing his jersey number 28.
A man dressed in red takes a picture of a sporting event.
Many football players sitting on the ground.
A football team doing their stretches before the game starts.
The head coach is walking out on the field.
A group of footballs players is standing behind a coaching official.
The football player gets ready to throw the ball.
The football player in red kicks off the ball.
The football player dressed in red looks down field.
A football player for the Sooners stands in front of the oppsing team waiting for the next play.
Football player tackling another player in a football game.
A football player being tackled from behind by another player from a different team in front of a crowd.
A football game in progress.
The Sooners quarterback is waiting for the snap from his center.
Three football players wearing red jerseys are on the field.
A football player in red and white is holding both hands up.
A Sooners football player is tackling an opposing player.
Two football players are tackling one player of the opposite team.
A football player is tackled.
The two players, on opposite teams, are in the middle of a football game, while others watch.
A football player runs with a ball, chased by the opposing team.
Two football players make a play, while the other team looks on.
Two football teams lined up before the hike.
A football player wearing a gold helmet runs holding a football.
A group of men play a college football game.
The football players in red are attempting a play against those in purple, white, and gold.
An Oklahoma player is tackled playing football
On a football field, there is a player in a red jersey and the crowd is behind him.
The man in the gray shirt has a blue baseball cap on.
A man punting a football as fans from the opposing team watch in the background
A crowd is standing and cheering at a football game.
Football players on the field as a Sooner tries to tackle a player
A horse mascot gives high-fives to some football fans.
The football player is running with the ball as a player of the opposing team grabs his leg
The football player is trying to outrun his opponent.
Two football players attempt to advance the ball against a would be tackler.
A man in a Sooners jersey blocks an attempted UW tackle.
A football player in a red jersey getting his knee looked at by another man
Two cheerleaders are sitting at a football game.
A football player from OU talks to the coach about the game.
A quarterback gets ready to throw the football.
A smiling dancer dressed in red is on the football field with fans in the stadium bleachers behind her.
Two football players try to tackle a player of the opposite team.
The Oklahoma Sooners football team discuss their game while fans cheer.
A football coach watches a play being made.
A man runs on the football field carrying the ball in front of the ref.
A football coach holds a headset.
A football player wears a jersey wuth the number "4" on it.
A Oklahoma football player standing
A busy street with two men holding blue bags.
A woman and a baby eating (having a picnic).
A child in a red jacket is pointing at beautiful orange flowers.
The family is walking in the woods.
Some enthusiast climb a tower for a better look.
Two men look down at another man standing on an unfinished walkway.
A brown dog is jumping over a grassy mound near to a lake.
A man in business attire stands a street corner.
A dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth
A man leans beside a cow in a grassy field.
A young boy in an orange shirt is smiling as he runs in a city scene.
Three young people sit outside and engage with electronic devices.
Brown dog, with green and purple cape, runs on grass.
The two dogs are jumping around.
The brown and white great Dane plays with two yellow dogs in the grass.
Three girls stand under umbrellas before a stage.
A bearded man in a white shirt and black shorts is hiking on a woodland path.
A red car has rolled over on a dirt track.
A black and brown dog is running through the woods.
A man on stage as people watch him and wave arms.
Two little boys are driving past adults in their toy jeep.
People stand on a subway platform waiting for their train.
A blond-haired girl is wearing a purple top, yellow pants, different colored socks, and shoes.
Man shoveling sidewalk as snow is still falling.
A woman carrying a white bag with a red star walking on the sidewalk.
Teenage boy riding a bicycle through a grassy field.
Two small boys in blue soccer uniforms use a wooden set of steps to wash their hands in an adult-sized bathroom.
Dog running on narrow dirt path.
Two young children, one in striped top, running down pathway surrounded by ferns.
Street artist is holding a crystal ball, while an amazed viewer looks on.
A brown and white dog running through water towards a toy.
A yellow dog running down a sandy path.
A man wearing a helmet has his hand up in the air and is shouting in a similar way the crowd behind his doing.
A baby plays near an overturned basket of diapers.
A person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower.
A woman in a blue hiking shirt looking at a black ram.
Two children anxiously looking while a woman scoops them orange water ice.
A dog chasing a toy duck.
A police officer is standing by the corner of a building.
The speckled dog runs through the marsh.
Brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running.
A man is walking across the street while it is snowing.
A woman sitting in a brown coat holds a book and bows her head.
A baby camel going towards a woman, while a man takes a picture.
A blond man, who is wearing a black t-shirt is playing a game of scrabble and is surrounded by vegetables.
Two workers are installing a billboard advertisement for a sporting goods store.
Two cows stand nearby while a dog races past both of them.
Men practice martial arts in backyard.
The girl with the black T-shirt is out with a large brown dog.
The boy is climbing up a rope ladder.
Dancers practice dance positions with each other, with some using a safety rail for assistance.
Three women in headscarfs look at something out of frame.
A young Caucasian boy climbs through a metal structure of stationary rings outside in a paved area overlooking a body of water.
Kids playing jump rope in the middle of the street.
A man seated in a chair has his hair rinsed and washed by other men.
A black and white dog with its tongue out is walking.
A motorcyclist with a Puma fanny-pak parked on the sidewalk with the kickstand of his bike up.
A female wearing black pants and a green shirt jogging.
A boy and a man cross a river on an elephant.
High school students watching something and taking pictures.
A person is riding a horse western style, and the horse is bucking.
A shoeshine man works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk.
A man in a navy polo shirt snaps photos at a golf course while a crowd of spectators looks on in the background.
Three people are setting up chairs on the beach.
A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall.
The young boy by the pool is eating an apple.
A cowboy hanging on for dear life while the horse below him simply tries to buck him off.
A girl is standing in a store next to other stores.
Two women are looking out into a beautiful forest from a ledge.
A man sitting on the edge of a tree lined walk.
Two women wearing glasses one is laughing and one is smiling.
A young boy is sitting on a fence with a platter of food on his head.
A man wearing a brown jacket and gray hat stands with his eyes closed in a crowd of people outdoors.
Kids are playing in water fountains
A little boy plays with a basketball and a toy basketball hoop.
Two black and white dogs fighting in the snow
Several military men surrounding women who are sitting on the ground with flags.
Several people wearing white mask are holding a banner and signs.
Six women that are showing their nationality by holding a flag.
A man with a motorcycle helmet rests by the waterfront.
A black dog and a brown dog in snow.
A little girl in a sundress plays in the sand.
Two dogs playfully wrestle in a rocky setting.
A man in black coat and gray pants are walking along a quiet street.
Two people sitting on a bench in a city street with a heart shaped balloon in hand.
People heading home from work at the train station.
A man is walking in front of an older home without any paint on it
A man in suit is walking down a crowded street.
A kid sliding down a slide while another kid looks on
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event.
A man dressed in a brown coat and bomber hat is carrying shopping bags and walking towards an intersection.
A child in a dragon costume on a bike.
A person swimming in a pool wearing a red bathing suit and blue goggles.
Two children, a boy and a girl, running across the dirt.
A child playing on a red scooter.
A red-haired girl holds a cute baby goat.
Two women are looking at images on a computer screen.
The woman is skating in the park.
Reflections in water of people on bridge and child walking to the water's edge
A man in a public road workers uniform sprays water.
A man stands in front of a statue.
A blond dog runs in the grass holding a stick in its mouth.
A policeman walks away from a gate with a large brown and black dog.
A barefooted girl is swinging high on a swing on a spring afternoon.
The woman is training a white dog to zigzag through metal poles.
A man in a hat enjoys a beer.
The child in the green shirt is on a machine with wheels.
Two people walking down some stairs.
A furocious female tennis player about to hit a tennis ball in the air.
A boy gives being in the snow two thumbs up.
A man hugging a young boy in a blue shirt.
A dog with a muzzle and blue jacket runs around the yard.
There are two kids, a soccer ball, a dog and a goat outside in a field.
The two seated girls smile towards the camera.
An older woman and a young boy, who is eating something, sit facing away from each other.
Construction on the inside of a house.
A woman in a mustard dress with a white purse is walking down the street in front of a brick building.
A Blond woman in a pink turtleneck jumps with yellow bungee cords.
Two women in lab coats looking on a image projected on the wall
A man pushing a cart on a dirt road.
A young woman walking along in the shadows in front of a fenced area.
A man in a gray shirt and khaki pants sits on a camping chair.
A child is posing with a funny by for the camera by the water.
A young couple enjoys a snowball fight.
A redheaded woman is sitting in front of a chain link fence and has two men on either side of her.
Three blond women are looking in microscopes.
Two men smiling at the camera inside a restaurant, one is holding up a beer.
Two men in a room with many beds.
A child wearing purple runs through splashing water while a man in red looks on.
A happy newlywed woman, surrounded by friends and family, has a bouquet of flowers.
A person sits on the gravel holding a sleeping dog.
A person laying on the ground next to a cow.
A woman in black jacket is sitting on a maroon wooden sidewalk bench.
This woman in shorts is holding a microphone.
A group of friends that were playing a stacking game before it came falling down.
A group of hikers hiking along dirt trail.
A woman in a red shirt and a white apron works with clay while a young girl watches.
A woman in blue with a cane sitting on a barrel.
A woman in a jacket is standing next to a fence playing horse shoes.
A local man sitting on a stool gives directions to a tourist.
People sit in a restaurant with tall ceilings and large windows drinking various wines and socializing.
A man is lowered on a pulley in front of a building.
A man bent over sweeping in basement that is made for very short people.
There are three dogs racing around a muddy track.
College men and woman sitting at a meeting in a room with a teacher while one of the men is standing and explaining something.
Three men in yellow shirts work outside a restaurant.
A small girl with dark hair standing on a lawn collecting dandelions.
Five people are sitting outside playing cards with each other.
Four people in hats stand to watch an event, two of them with cameras.
An older man is trying to figure out what a sewing machine is.
A shirtless man with a blue towel on his head is shaving his beard.
A black dog swimming through a river.
A man wearing blue and a woman wearing pink pose in front of the lake.
A man wearing a black suit is talking and gesturing with his hands.
A guy is fishing off the dock, it looks like he has something big on the end of his line.
A male and female, both wearing sandals, walking by a fence.
A lady with a gray jacket and jeans sitting close to a man wearing a long coat.
A woman hugs a man outside while he is yawning.
A woman is looking on the food she kept in the glass box.
A orchestra performing a piece.
A shirtless got in blue pants is being chased by a girl in a black shirt.
Children playing a game in a field.
A man with red glasses and a white beard is posed with a cane and trees in the background.
A girl beside a blue tarp wall wearing a backpack and a purse.
A closeup of a man in glasses looking at the camera.
Little boy in a red jacket sliding in the snow.
A jockey on a horse is attempting to jump logs in a field.
A man is waiting to go in the booth.
A group of people are playing tennis on a clay tennis court.
A man wearing a suit and tie kicking his heels together.
A couple standing next to a fence looking at a body of water.
A large ship on the water at dusk.
A man with a blue jacket stands outside a building with gold-rimmed doors.
Bikers ride down a busy rural street.
A man wearing a red shirt is reaching out for his hat that fell while he is walking a tightrope.
A woman in a blue top is sitting on a bus.
A man in a striped shirt is shaving at a mirror, with a young child watching him.
Woman with headscarf and girl in red costume dress walk through urban area.
A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.
Children are playing on the swings at a park.
Four men are working with scaffolding, two have red coats.
A dog runs by the water's edge.
An older man in a weathered fedora smiles slightly for the camera.
Two dogs run around in an outdoor enclosure.
A woman is making a face that looks like she is in pain while holding her chest with both hands.
A child in a red jacket chases pigeons.
A woman in a black shirt chases a little boy in an orange shirt.
A boy and a woman are on top of large rocks at sunset.
A little boy in a red and white-striped shirt and shorts sits among large plants.
Two children walking up an enormous staircase.
A white dog wrestles with a black and brown dog on the green grass.
Man in a polo shirt reading to a toddler on his lap.
A woman wearing a tank top and gloves washing the windows on top of a train.
A person is riding in a boat on a lake.
Two people sitting under a blossoming tree looking at a mountain near a shack.
Deli man slicing meat thin and weighing the sliced pieces.
A blond-haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
A lady with glasses and a warm hat looks in the distance.
The white dog jumps over a stream of water.
Girl playing flute as she walks by fence in rural area.
A person trails behind some ducks on the water to a lake.
A man walks past a building with a door that says Keep Clear.
A boy wearing a hat and shorts is sleeping on a bench.
A group of people sitting at a table.
Someone leaps across the beach in a sign of joy!
A street performer playing a percussion instrument in front of a crowd of people.
A bridesmaid in a sleeveless black dress holding a bouquet of red flowers at a wedding.
Two hikers climbing while one poses for a camera.
People are sitting on stools in a clothing store.
A guy wearing a costume with a blue striped shirt.
An older man is sitting in a chair while looking at a magazine.
Young children playing in a pile of toilet paper.
A girl with a backpack and a boy on a bike are standing at a crosswalk.
A cook in the kitchen is preparing food
Several dogs are walking around on a brick street.
A man sits perched on a course rock wearing a white tank top.
A little girl on a bouncey playground animal sits while a woman takes her picture.
Motorcyclist entering a motorcycle cage in front of a large crowd.
A man jumping over boxes for exercise in the middle of a high school track.
Kid wearing a paper crown sitting in a shopping cart.
A little dog is leaping through the air over a snowy field.
A guy and girl playing a board game on the floor.
A group of people are standing outside watching something happening.
A crowd of people looking at two guys on motorcycles.
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
A woman sitting against a wall behind a pane of glass.
Guy with long brown, curly hair and eyeglasses, playing guitar, sitting on grass, wearing striped shirt and blue jeans.
A child runs barefoot across a blacktop parking lot.
A boy in a swimming pool, wearing goggles, gives the "two thumbs up" sign.
Girls in purple Asian dresses sitting in chairs in a formal setting.
A woman is talking on her cellphone while a couple id sitting at a restaurant.
A dark-skinned man squats in front of a plate of food.
A older man sitting in front of what appears to be a doorway.
A grocery store worker is pushing several baskets at once.
A black and a white dog play with a rope toy in a backyard
Somebody putting a shoe on and leaving in a hurry.
A woman sits in a waiting room reading a magazine depicting a scantily-clad man and woman.
A blond woman is laughing
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow.
A dog emerging from a lake.
Two children are running down a sidewalk in front of a building.
A woman is forming clay on a pottery well.
A woman with curly hair in a black jacket, black pants and black heeled boots walks down the street.
The child is on a wooden rocking horse.
A girl in black sitting on the floor in a dorm doing classwork, and a girl in a red shirt doing work on the computer.
A man welds in a yellow car.
A lone man casting a fishing line into the water at sunset.
A man is getting into a red car.
An old woman in a long coat with a small cart crosses the street while another woman smoking a cigarette watches.
A boy is secured between two bungee cords and is suspended in air.
A man wearing glasses and a woman wearing a black hat and dark sunglasses sit together on a subway train.
One boy jumps over another boy on a trampoline.
A young man in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is covered in graffiti.
People, outside, throwing stuff over the top of them.
The girl in blue shorts is sitting on a broken tree stump.
A black dog running in a race.
A man in a white shit and beret amongst many gold items.
Man in green shirt with suspenders talking on the phone, while sitting at a table.
People in front of waterfront, 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water.
A man looking out of his window.
The cheerleading squad for a professional basketball team is performing a routine.
A worker cleaning a brick street.
Boy rock climbing on a blue wall while an adult looks away.
A man wearing a face mask sits near a tent and a trailer.
A little girl wearing a decorated helmet is slumped over a small two-wheel bike.
A young boy sleeping after playing with his friends.
A man in red swim trunks on a boat in the water.
Two women and an officer departing an airplane.
A woman who is fixing her computer while showing her daughter what it is doing.
Two children are playing on a playground.
Three helmet-wearing roller-blading children are next to a skating young adult.
A young girl is climbing on a wooden structure.
A young boy kicks a soccer ball while six others play but are dressed as referee.
People in a crowd behind a yellow metal gate.
A small baby in winter clothing is being held upright to take a picture.
A group of theater students are jumping in sequence on stage.
A boy wearing a blue hood holds a baby animal and smiles.
A man speaking directly into a microphone
People next to a red, white and blue hot air balloon that is on the grass
A brown and black dog running through a river
A group of indians stand next to a streetlight in the daytime with clouds above them all.
People are walking down the stairs through the fog.
A man holds a baby while they smile at each other.
The young boy was playing with his train set.
In front of an Asian market store one man rests in a chair while another man cleans.
A boy cuts a flip in the grass.
A man in a white shirt and blue shorts swinging a tennis racket.
A woman sitting in chair discusses a topic into a microphone.
Four children in black and red hats and black clothes perform.
A man is paddling a boat during a sunset.
Guy and girl looks at a person giving a speech while they are sitting down.
A young child is watching a man play an electric guitar.
Someone is playing hopscotch on a chalked out grid on the ground.
A man pokes his out of a small window.
A man in a gray suit is talking in front of a microphone.
A man in a suit sits talking into a microphone.
A man is sitting in a chair with his foot propped up on a cabinet, talking into a microphone.
Young boys playing ball on the beach.
A little body in an orange shirt is holding a yellow sword and holding it toward the camera.
Kids race around a go-cart track with adult supervision.
We are singing the popular song for you all.
A band called Screaming Orphans is giving a concert.
A few people sitting on a pier looking at a lake.
A family prepares the dinner table for a party.
A girl in a black hat with a pink flower on it plays the keyboard.
A band plays on a small stage.
A dog is jumping as he turns around on a beach.
A track athlete is jumping a hurdle.
There is a little girl in a pink helmet riding her pink bicycle along a waterway.
A woman wearing a black shirt giving a lecture.
The little girl in the pink top is running down the path.
Two women walk down the crowded street.
A group of young people holding bottles and pointing at the camera.
A man in a gray coat speaks into a microphone.
A young child is walking along side a large black and brown dog with snow on the ground.
A black and brown dog carries a red toy in his mouth.
A man stands in the distance on the ocean while he stands on a small boat.
A girl inside a long tubular slide.
A man in a blue plaid shirt walks behind people with his dog at the beach
A woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street
A little girl playing the guitar, some flowers to the left.
A man and a woman kissing outdoors.
A woman with a blue scarf is reading a magazine in front of a painting of sunflowers.
Middle-aged man in yellow shirt standing on sidewalk holding a green bag and casting a shadow.
A young child smiling while on a swing at a playground.
An opposite side street-shot of Applebee's and Dave and Buster's restaurants.
A group of men dressed in red are playing the drums.
A young woman jumping up off the floor.
A black dog nursing black and white puppies.
Two small kids holding hands while walking in a street.
A man is rock climbing with spotters below.
A young boy rock climbing.
A man inspects the uniform of a figure in some East Asian country.
A man receiving a haircut at a barber shop.
The women gives the man a hug and kiss while his dog is on the leash.
Men unlocking a gate for a train.
Bespectacled man in suit opens wallet while a younger lady in formal wear laughs with him.
A child looks at a baby sleeping in a crib.
A child jumps up near a body of water.
Hispanic people sitting on the beach in the sand talking on the phone.
Three workers hold buckets and crouch on beams with a view of a town below them.
Two men in blue clothing sit on a boat.
A woman in a floral pattern dress is operating a loom.
Brown and white dog playing in the grass.
A young bare-chested man talking with a casually dressed man along a lonely desert road.
A man is teaching three girls how to play an instrument.
Young African American child with beads in her hair looking at the camera and covering her mouth with a coat on.
Several dogs carry a man with a helmet through snow.
A toddler all bundled up getting ready to go down a slide.
A little girl in red is down on the ice
A young girl just jumped out of her yellow swing.
Women posing in a goofy candid photo in a studio
A man with long hair and a green striped shirt talks to a woman who is listening intently.
A boy is swimming in water.
A woman in a gray shirt and black Capris is running along a road.
Three dogs are running side by side on the grass.
Four female passengers wait for their train, one is sitting and the rest are standing.
Two men hanging from ropes over a waterfall.
The kid rides his green and black bike down the street.
A flautist plays the flute in a marching band
A child wearing a gray sweater holds a crab and looks at it.
A boy is playing with a screwdriver.
A barefoot woman in a red and green skirt is surrounded by clay pots and is working with clay.
A few people are sitting down watching a woman present something in a classroom as an gentleman looks reluctant in the background.
A young newlywed couple cuts their wedding cake that their reception.
Two people are getting soaked by a waterfall.
A group of boys are playing on a beach.
A newlywed couple stands in front of a large crowd.
A group of people waiting around under the freeway.
A fireman douses a red truck that is smoking as a police officer approaches.
A man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone.
A group of women in matching uniforms, one of which is speaking.
A short-haired, brunette woman singing into the microphone up on stage with her band.
Children playing soccer, one in the process of kicking the ball.
Two children play on the bed with a remote control.
A young girl in a beige dress running near a wooded area.
Two people in brightly colored outfits handle squares of fabric with colorful designs.
A woman in pink walking under the twin flyovers
A black dog is facing a brown dog in an open outdoor space.
This lady is singing in a club.
A man playing a guitar while standing in front of a microphone singing.
A group of people are enjoying themselves at a table.
A girl riding a bike with her helmet on with overcast weather.
Two women wearing open toed shoes are riding a motorcycle.
A crowd of people sit at round tables in a banquet hall.
Two black and brown dogs looking at each other.
The brown dog is being chased by a black dog while holding a small toy in his mouth.
A blond girl sleeps on a couch.
There is girl standing on the pier wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod.
A person in a yellow shirt sits on a sidewalk.
Child in blue shirt smiles about what's in his hand.
An African American man holding a guitar looking out the window.
Two men and a woman are standing in water with a golden retriever.
The Bellingham High School band performing.
A member of a band is playing a keyboard.
A girl climbing a chain link fence.
Two men in a band play guitar and sing on stage.
Man with blue pants flipping in the air.
A man with black hair and glasses is holding a camera on a tripod.
A man and woman are waiting for their food at a restaurant.
Crowd waiting on Main Street subway platform for a train.
A woman happily opened her gift and discovers a KitchenAid blender.
A man on a huge chunk of snow, holding a rope.
Men behind windows with bars on them.
A woman in a plaid coat is standing in front of washing machines inside a laundromat.
A black dog caught in mid-jump catching a toy in his mouth.
A store with Wii consoles in it and people looking at them.
A man leans against a building near a busy street.
A person is walking their dog on a leash while a child in a red shirt rides by on a skateboard
A man is setting up equipment for a rock show.
A man and a woman are having drinks at a table.
A young boy swings a bat at a large baseball.
A young boy climbs a spiral staircase in a room full of books.
Man in sunglasses and leather jacket looking down
A gray and white puddle fighting next to another black and brown dog on a bed.
A dance performance is going on in front of an audience.
Two men in business suits are discussing a topic while standing up in front of a podium.
A black man is pulling a blue shirt while distracted.
Two police officers in bright yellow uniforms are standing and talking to one another.
Construction in the city at night.
A man jumping in the sand along the shore while holding something in his hand.
A woman is walking and dragging a suitcase.
A woman bends over to attend to her child in a yellow jacket.
Two joyful people are walking down the city street.
A young man and woman are at a dinner table with food in front of them.
A man in a workout suit is reading to a woman.
Three girls wear straw hats and dance on a stage.
A man and woman laughing.
Two women on a movie set reviewing film
A brown dog shaking off water.
A group of synchronized swimmer arrange themselves in a star shape in a pool.
An Indian woman using a pulley to obtain a jug.
A man is in a pool getting ready to begin a race.
A professional swimmer racing to the finish line.
A group of young boys in red robes are bringing their pots to be filled with water.
People are walking down a street.
A woman in blue sits on a curb next to blue railings in front of the ocean.
A young girls is laying in a snow cave
Two guys and a woman standing and talking in a playground.
A dog is jumping to catch a Frisbee.
A man plays his guitar in a dimly lit room.
An Asian man is carrying a baby in a matching robe.
Two puppies are playing in the green grass.
A man on Rollerblades glides down a park path.
A man is building a large sand castle on the beach.
Some African American young adults are playing volleyball.
A man in a snorkel is swimming in the water viewing aquatic life.
One young man is wearing a hat and protective goggles while snowboarding.
A woman in white is throwing a boy into the air.
Five cricket players are lounging on the grass.
A man in a yellow reflective vest squats on a lawn while using on a cellphone.
A man with glasses climbing a rock wall.
Two people are together and one of them is using a microphone.
A young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands.
4 people standing next to a fire cooking a meal
A girl wearing a yellow jacket sitting on a stone lion.
Several people stand on stage with their arms held up in the air.
A young boy wearing Mr. Potato Head teeth and glasses.
A soccer game being played as the sun sets.
A child looks nervous at the top of a slide.
A child with a moose on his shirt is playing with a train set.
A woman dressed in black is silhouetted against a cloud darkened sky.
A blond-haired toddler boy looks ahead while a blond-haired woman adjusts his collar.
Two women holding children talking to one another.
A young man and an older man sit on a plaid loveseat.
An older man sitting outside in the sun watching something under his umbrella.
A girl footballer stands near a fence about to toss the ball back into play.
A young girl prepares to kick a pink soccer ball.
Four young girls in green and blue uniforms play soccer together.
A little girl playing in a soccer game.
A girl kicks a ball with three girls doing the same in the background.
The two woman are looking at something.
A boy wearing a green shirt is jumping in front of a lane at a bowling alley.
Black man painting a sign.
A red convertible is driving down the road and is stopped by an onlooker.
A man is sitting on a black and brown dog.
A man, who is wearing a black cap and a mostly gray hoodie, seems to be at a party.
A girl walking in front of a soccer net during a game.
A girl in a pink jersey and green knee high socks kicks a soccer ball.
A girl throwing a soccer ball while sitting down.
Three girls dressed alike in plaid skirts and hats, green sweaters, and blue knee socks walk together.
An Asian band in a parade with a female band majorette.
Young friends in a park relaxing and enjoying conversation with each other.
Two men in business attire standing behind a camera.
The large brown dog is paddling in the water.
A little boy is paining a plate.
A broen haired woman wearing a black coat with coffee in her hand
A group of women competing in roller derby.
These three men are jogging the same direction down a city street wearing sunglasses.
A man walking 3 dalmatians along a sunny street.
A young boy welds a piece of metal while shielding his face.
Kids play in a blow up playground.
A male is sitting at a table with a coffee cup in front of his left arm.
A woman stands with a ferret and a dog.
A woman wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill.
Two dark-haired girls are in a crowd.
A group of men and women gather around a conference table.
A boy and girl run across a grassy field towards a forested hill.
Three young women embrace while displaying baked goods in kitchen.
A man wearing jeans and a hooded, long-sleeved top, and a backpack, walks in a desert.
A snowboarder is taking a picture in front of some trees.
Two teams battle it out for the win!
A young boy kicking a soccer ball with a young girl in the background.
A man being picked up by his teammates to catch the ball.
Two young children are playing with a teenage girl who is blindfolded.
A fisherman in a field near a lake.
Many individuals are waiting patiently for the line to go down to enter this building.
A bundled up toddler is walking over snow.
Three brightly robed girls are sitting on a rock ground in front of a large rock.
A man peers at an object through a microscope.
A young child is sitting in a swing at a playground.
A big man plays guitar on stage.
A loving woman kneeling down near 3 cats while tending to and feeding an injured cat.
A man is being attacked by a German Shepherd.
A big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow.
A normal sunny day in a big city.
A man in a canoe paddles while another man tosses a net out into a large body of water.
The building is covered with red &amp; black graffiti.
An Asian woman in black clothing is sitting in a public place.
A Food Vendor selling food at a street market.
A child is playing among a flock of birds in the park.
Several men are walking and standing in John A. Noble facility.
Two chefs trying to figure out how to prepare the meal.
A woman carrying a bowl on her head is walking ahead of a child outside.
A woman dressed in a traditional wrap can be seen through a small hole archway.
A man throws the bowling ball to knock down the last pin.
A Japanese man in a red shirt, at the olympics playing tennis.
A shirtless male is riding a skateboard, performing a trick.
Several dancers are doing leg lifts on stage.
A man climbs up a rock.
An Indian man wearing a turban walks along a sidewalk.
A man wearing a blue shit is standing up speaking.
This young man is shaving in front of a mirror.
Several dogs grouped together in a winter setting.
A woman sitting in a chair while a man is removing her garter belt
A blond woman in blue clothes is playing a cello.
Two men are working on a circular window by standing on chairs.
A policeman is sitting in a van looking out the window.
A curly-haired man is talking or possibly debating with a blond-haired man in front of a table.
A muscular man in swim trunks plays paddle ball on the beach
Two adorable children who were dressed very similar by their mother are enjoying a train ride.
A skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp
A brown, black and white dog is on a obstacle course.
A female dancer does a center leap across a stage.
A lady dressed in a black coat, jean skirt, black boots and black handbag, walking by a huge ad of a lady digging through her purse.
A lady with a pink hoodie is taking a video of large screen monitor of a sports team.
A man with glasses talks to a group of friends.
A rider on a horse landing from a jump.
A man with a thin beard and brown jacket plays "Guitar Hero" in a crowded room.
A little girl is riding a bicycle.
There are two men in yellow vests working in a large green filed.
Two men wearing bright yellow vests sit in a vehicle.
There is a construction site with a backhoe and a man with a shovel.
A brown dog plays in the snow.
Two men in martial arts clothing are kneeling before racks of weapons.
Crowd of people with red construction hats standing around a oil pump.
A cow lies on a walkway between two rails as some people relax nearby and a woman walks away.
A man playing a black grand piano.
A white dog is running through the snow.
A firefighter is working at a fire.
A group of guys working on a small blue open-topped racing vehicle.
Two people walking down a city street at night
A man shows a woman how to use a saw to cut a board.
An adult male is kneeling on top of a roof make repairs
A brown and black dog running through a grassy field
A firefighter is putting wooden blocks under a crushed blue car.
A woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush.
A woman is shampooing and man's head in a hair salon.
A man rides on a unicycle down the sidewalk.
A man writing something down behind a bush.
A man wearing a plaid shirt is painting on a large sheet.
A little girl riding a skateboard while a boy swings a toy at her.
A man climbing an icy glacier with the assistance of a pick.
A ragged man sleeping behind a building.
A beige dog and brown dog in the snow.
Seven children are jumping in a grassy meadow.
A group of people taking a stroll on the beach at sunset.
A man is walking on the beach at sunrise.
Man in costume talks to a girl in a blue hoodie in a conference center.
Many people near a crosswalk in a busy city.
A white female in a red dress assisting a black female bride into her white wedding dress.
A woman looks at art in a gallery while two children sit on the floor.
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
A group of guys swimming in red trunks.
A man looks through a microscope while another man in the background also looks through a microscope.
Ensuring that an accurate account of all I see here is appropriately recorded.
A black dog plays with two soft toys in front of a fireplace.
A little girl looking at a large boulder
A large crowd of people watch the stage as an outside concert takes place.
Two children hug one another.
A lady wearing a green sweater is putting candy on a shelf.
A small child plays with a batman toy car
Man with glasses on speaking in a microphone surrounded by a group of people.
A man known as Deleon speaks at a Q&amp;A.
A boy has a spiked bracelet and a strange glove on.
Indian man with elephant and group of indian children in temple.
Two men and a child are using a ruler on a wall.
Two people sleep on a bench.
A girl in a bathrobe holding a plate of food stands next to a boy holding utensils and a red cup.
A man working on laying a new roof.
A man standing at the top of a plastic chair eye bulling the different kind of hats
Surfer catching a good, deep clear blue, wave.
A group of six people relaxing in the living room and playing a board game.
Kids forming a rock band.
A toy lego set is featured in the foreground while a woman and child play with it in the background.
Two young girls in fancy dresses are standing outside.
The child is standing on top of a snowbank with their arms outstretched.
Two men working on building a house.
A child in a blue jacket and helmet is on a skateboard.
A dog runs through the snow.
A toddler walking through an old building in a blue outfit.
Two male soccer players are resting to take a drink.
A man on a skateboard is jumping in the air with it.
The gray and white dog is walking on gravel.
A man with a green jacket and a black hat standing near a doorway.
A man is sitting on a bench at a subway station.
Two cows stand in front of people riding a bus.
A group of mothers are sitting and breast feeding their babies.
A tribesman makes his way up a tree with his feet and his hands.
A man on a bicycle rides past a bright blue door.
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
A man is sitting with his music stand in front of him.
A boy with a zip-up sweater is playing the french horn.
A man plays makeshift drums on white buckets in the snow.
A man in a long-sleeved lack shirt sitting at an organ in a large building as people 3 people look on.
Two boys watch a third boy kicking some snow.
Numerous men and women enjoying an outdoor area.
Several people with baggage, lost looks on their faces, and comfortable.
The photo looks down on a street where five pedestrians are walking.
A white dog running in the snow.
A child in a blue sleep suit plays with a red mop in a red bucket.
Two husky-like white dogs are outside on snow.
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch holding a pencil.
A woman in red is slightly hunched over next to a brick building.
A man on a boat dock looking onto the water at a boat
Several people met in a session, some with computers, some needing stand.
A fluffy white dog running across the snow.
A man juggles at the beach.
A person sitting next to a tripod watches boats in a harbor.
People outside a house in snow.
A man wearing brown is outside next to a bicycle
A large group of people at a party.
A group of seated men have coffee around two tables.
A group of people outside a church at a wedding.
A man looks at the camera as he stands outside a subway entrance, while a girl behind him talks on her cellphone.
A sculptor poses in front of his work.
Two guys, one is carrying a bag, and one girl are walking down the street.
Four rockers posing on a tree stump.
A man in a boat in a blue shirt and hat has a fishing pole that is bent halfway.
A man in a black outfit poses in front of the eiffel tower.
A group of young men is playing a game on the beach.
A woman performing at a concert.
A man in a white shirt is making a speech into a microphone.
Man in white suit throws first pitch at baseball game.
The brown dog is playing in the white snow.
A man in a hat riding a bucking horse.
A man is standing in a grassy field equipped with a type of gardening tool which he is using on the grass.
The white dog leaping over a snow covered log.
A young woman is holding-up a red and white dress while two other women smile and watch.
A woman in a green flowered dress is holding a container of yarn animals.
Two girls preparing their home for a big party.
A woman is trying on knit arm warmers.
A woman is looking at a pamphlet talking to someone, while a guy takes photos in the background.
A little-league baseball player, wearing a white #19 jersey, successfully hits the ball.
The brown dog sees a black dog laying in the dry grass.
Two dogs are facing each other in a grassy field.
A man trying to stay on the bucking bronco.
A female is opening up a present.
A woman in pink is sitting and enjoying the object she is holding.
The woman gets a gift out of a christmas stocking.
Several ladies are sitting together around a table.
A gentleman is operating a machine while working in a factory.
A man who is wrapped in a gray wrap is stooping on the ground.
Men and women sitting behind a long table while talking and doing work on their laptops.
A small child on a tire swing in a forested field.
Several people moving a structure.
A woman wearing gray speaks into a microphone at an event while two men listen.
A father and son asleep in their blankets.
The side of a building next to a church is painted with a brightly colored Coca-Cola sign.
A brown dog and black and white dog run along the green grass.
Three men play saxophones while one man play makeshift drum on a corner
A kid playing in a bunch of flowers.
A little girl is pushing a little boy who is sitting on a swing.
A young boy stands staring at a television screen.
A man with long curly hair fell asleep during a car ride.
Boy jumps in desert while others watch and take photo.
A person has his or her hands in a dog's mouth.
A couple stand and looks at the ocean.
A man in the kitchen attempting to remove some meat he has cooked from the paper plate.
A man carefully inspects the roof tiles.
An emergency exit map hangs above a doorway where a woman reaches up for something.
Young spanish girl jumps off the concrete yard divider onto the sidewalk.
Two men are kicking a yellow and black ball over a net.
A bald guy wearing a black t-shirt plays the guitar.
Two children run along a boardwalk that crosses over a body of water.
Three men play guitars on stage.
A man with glasses sitting at a table with a coffee cup and several other items on the table.
A sled-dog team works hard on this snowy trail.
A man in a white shirt and Khaki pants with a hat on climbing a mountain.
A woman sits on a log near the water.
A woman wearing a black coat and sunglasses is standing in front of a man walking away with a backpack.
Person observing a river with a bridge going over it.
Two females, one wearing a backpack, are standing over a body of water.
Group of people watching laptop monitors.
A little girl climbing the stairs on the playground equipment.
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
A child jumping from an indoor climbing gym, while other children climb over other parts of the structure.
A crowd of boys riding a vehicle.
Three glass elevators with people inside of them.
A man wearing a black jacket is working on a roof.
Older gentleman smoking while walking by a painting of an old man.
A man is shaking hands with a mannequin.
A gray dog chasing a brown dog in shallow water.
A boy walks across a rope structure on a playground.
A man is throwing a ball at a pile of blocks with stuffed animals in the background.
A person dirtbikes along a muddy trail.
A woman with a black purse and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete.
A boy and his brother are playing with sticks and swords.
A woman all dressed in blue with blue bags stands outside a window.
Four girls in a building playing with each other
Three children playing and having a good time in a poverty area.
Indian women sort out clothing.
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.
A woman in a pink hat is helping a little girl in a white hat with her ice skates.
A bowler throwing a ball down the lane trying to hit two pins.
A boy in a blue shirt jumps down stairs on a skateboard.
A man and a child kicking a yellow ball in an open field.
A man wearing a t-shirt and blue jeans is jumping from a cliff by a large canyon.
A woman slipping backwards in the snow.
A brown dog is playing with a red toy while another brown dog bounds towards the camera.
Two men sitting and having drinks.
Two young children huddle around a woman on the street between two green and yellow trolleys.
A gray-haired man is sitting outside talking on the phone.
A man wearing large snowshoes runs inside of a seemingly crowded ski resort.
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
One man is smoking a cigarette and the other man is meeting his gaze.
Several people sitting on a bench before sunset.
Three kids and one adult walking on a path.
A man is kissing a woman on the cheek.
A man has his shoes shined on the sidewalk on street lined with parked motorbikes.
A little blond girl on a climbing wall.
A tan dog is playing with a red dog in snow.
Two young boys watching their father use a stand up mixer.
A black furry dog is jumping in the air next to another dog.
A gymnast is hanging upright in rings.
Large brown dog jumping over a bush in a grassy area.
An elderly woman taking part in a ceremony.
Two young children are being pushed on a tire swing with snow on the ground.
The black and white dog leaps to catch a toy.
This female is ready to fight if need be, she is trained.
A guy is communicating with someone in a car.
A man in red tights balances on a beam with his legs in the air.
A man with muscular arms is performing gymnastics.
Three barefoot children fun and smile in an indoor setting.
A young cowboy is mesmerized by the presence of a camel.
A boy dressed as a cowboy is petting a four-legged animal with horns and a saddle.
An African American walking down the street in a bright colored shirt.
A man and a woman are using a machine built into the wall.
A person in a fur collared coat is walking past a statue.
A graveyard worker is digging, or filling a grave, another person is on his cellphone, leaning on a tombstone.
The children make snow angels next to each other.
An older and a younger woman, both with tennis attire and rackets, smile side to side for the camera.
A man walking in front of graffiti on a cloudy day.
A woman in a blue sports outfit is about to hit a tennis ball.
A woman in a white tennis outfit playing tennis.
A young tennis player stretches for a ball on a clay court.
There is a woman in yellow playing tennis.
A girl with a white top and yellow shorts is playing tennis.
A happy tennis player in a white sports bra.
Women on tennis court standing in front of net holding a book.
A tennis player collecting tennis balls in a tennis court.
A black and white dog runs over snow by a tree and bench.
A woman with green hair is swinging at a pinata.
A child smiling as they are being thrown in the air by an adult.
An Indian man and woman are asleep on public transport.
A blond woman playing tennis, in front of a blue advertising background.
A woman wearing a white skirt is playing tennis.
A brown-haired woman in a beige jacket writes on a piece of paper on a pink table.
A female tennis player about to strike the ball.
A little girl walks on a path of an indoor garden.
A tennis player raises her racket to hit the ball.
Two girls with long hair stand in front of a cluttered table.
A blond dog playing with a colorful dog toy.
A woman wearing a hooded sweatshirt and black pants with a ponytail playing tennis.
Woman in a white shirt and black skirt playing tennis.
A woman with a tennis racket about to swing at a ball.
One man and one boy looking into a tent with a blue blanket in it.
A white dog is running with an orange fence behind him.
A brown dog sitting on grass
A person and their tan dog go for a ride in a rowboat.
Two women are conversing in an art gallery.
A kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him.
A man sitting at a table using a notebook computer.
Two boys dressed in ragged solid color clothing stand side by side while one holds an ax.
Two young men help another man in a store back room.
Some people are crossing a green bridge over a river.
Man paddles a canoe through placid lake waters
A woman with five kids all around her with a smile on her face.
A puppy carries a tennis ball in its mouth.
A lady wearing a fancy costume and headdress while drinking from a can.
Several men on horseback staring into a mountain background
A boy in red prepares to slide down a blue slide.
A dog rolls in the grass.
Two large dogs are running together through the grass.
A black dog runs with a white dog
The brown dog is walking along a grassy path with its tongue out.
A child is sitting in a hole filled with water.
A man, wearing a striped shirt, operates a microscope in a laboratory.
Two people jump off a sand dune on a beach
A smiling Indian woman driving a blue truck wearing a colorful orange, green, and white outfit.
An Asian woman and small boy are riding a bike together.
White dog with mouth open running in the snow.
A little girl kicks into the air.
Four men with beards standing up and holding white plates.
A man in black shirt and camouflage pants covered in cream.
A light brown dog with a dark collar bounding through grass.
An Indian woman poses for the camera in her bright clothing.
Friends and family dance on a beach by their vehicles.
An young Asian boy is holding a small, white, long-haired dog.
Young women with a green beanie bending down to pick up a basket from a four legged desk.
A little boy is playing on a wet stone surface.
Young Asian man jumps up on top of a padded rectangular metal structure.
The man in the robe has gold on his beard.
A terrier mix catches a Frisbee in the air.
The baby is sitting in a highchair.
A smiling, happy-appearing blond woman with backpack stops to smile at the camera.
Three firefighters standing in a lift.
Two men both wearing white t-shirt are standing behind the counter, both holding knives.
The boy runs across the court with the basketballs.
A woman is carrying a child on her back.
A child laying in the midst of stuffed toys and blankets.
A tennis player in red clothing is holding up her tennis racket.
A woman is holding a tennis racket.
A man and a woman in a blue dress are playing tennis.
A woman holding a tennis racket on a court.
A group of people riding horses in green vests.
A group of children are playing in a museum.
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
Kids are playing in the yard
Two men on horses chase down a cow on a sunny day.
Two cowboys from Latin America or South America riding horses and chasing a bull.
One man is visible riding a black horse with a brown horse and bull in the background.
Two cowboys look in the back of truck.
A man is dressed in a black shirt while balancing a round object on the back of his hand.
A group of people are eating cake at an office party.
A person wearing a hooded sweatshirt and jeans stands on a tree that has fallen over a creek.
A young man walking by a fruit stand.
A dental patient is examined by a man and a woman in blue scrubs.
Three little kids on tricycles race downhill.
Person on snow skis airborne over snow with green tree in the background.
A group of people walking up a grass hill.
A man asleep on another sleeping man's lap on a park bench.
Two boys are playing flag football.
Man in Dr Pepper logo shirt laying on a blue blanket, with arm around a toy-chewing infant.
The girl is hitting the volleyball.
Three men are outside at sunset doing different activities, including jumping, sitting, and playing with a soccer ball.
A group of people dance at a oriental restaurant.
Two young violinists walking towards the camera from a door.
Male food worker grills meat on a stick.
A person is coming down a yellow water slide into a pool.
Hard working man on the job on the street.
A child crawls on the floor looking at a pigeon.
Two dogs playing in the water with a stick
A man with a yellow shirt is in front of a man playing a musical instrument.
The boy comes down the hill in the red wagon.
Man on a motorcycle performing a trick high in the air.
A couple of patron at a jazz club.
Viewed as a mirror reflection, a woman applies a mascara pencil to her left eye.
Stuff animal prizes people may win by playing a carnival game.
Man and woman do a dance together with money all over the floor.
A shirtless child is playing with a pink balloon on a sidewalk.
The man stands close to the train at the busy train station.
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.
A man in a black t-shirt is looking at a menu.
A man is busy trimming a palm tree.
Five adults and a child run opposite of the waves on the beach.
Two boys ice skate with other people.
A man in all orange working on a construction site next to a large truck.
A man sleeping outside on the ground.
A dog sits in a car with its tongue sticking out.
A man in black clothing performing a stunt of swallowing lit torches.
A woman with dark hair who is wearing an orange bikini lays out on a wicker chair.
A man with a goatee leaning against a white van.
A dog leaps into the air to catch a ball in its mouth.
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.
People are sitting in the couch and laughing.
Man wearing a blue shirt holding a chain.
A woman is smiling and putting her fists in the air in delight.
A golden dog walks carefully around a frozen pond.
A man sits on a bench with his arm around a lady.
A man and a little girl in a pink dress
A young woman is wearing a bridal veil outside a church.
Woman resting her head on a curved pillow.
A boy is surfing towards the beach on a green surfboard.
A baby holding a rattle looking very sad.
An elderly man working with several lines of string.
A girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter.
A man is reading a newspaper at a Chinese food store.
A guy performing tricks in front of kids with cool baseball bats
A man is skiing down a snowy hill while he casts a long shadow.
Two basketball players watching the ball.
A group of men sit around a table that has empty bottles on it.
A dog descends a ramp, teeth bared.
A man in a white shirt showing a young boy how to make bread in a bakery.
A dog carries a newspaper through a kitchen.
A group of men sitting on red chairs.
A young man with brown hair playing a guitar.
A man in a blue sweatsuit and a woman wearing a brown jacket and brown boots walk together.
People in the market picking out and looking at fruit.
A man in a brown plaid shirt is selling pastries from a blue vending cart.
Skiiers on top of a mountain.
Two women in a whirlpool with towels on the heads laughing.
A young girl reading a literary classic "to kill a mockingbird".
Two dogs enjoy playing in the cold of the snow.
Two men in white shirts and wide white pants perform martial arts.
A group of young people get into costume in a sparse room.
A family poses in a snowy forest.
A man in red swimming trunks stands in the snow on a cliff above the water.
Two girls coloring in a coloring book at a table.
Two middle-aged men try to operate what looks to be a magnifier of some sort.
Two black dogs running on grass.
Thre is a shot of man with his back turned in a city.
The dog walks along a beach at sunset.
A guy with sunglasses is sitting on a boat ferry in the sun.
A dog runs through the tall grass.
There are five singers on a stage, three women and two men.
Here is Rod Stewart in Concert singing Live with Pat Benatar.
A man with a beard stands out in color.
Little girl lying in many colored plastic balls.
A black and white dog wearing collars shakes off on the dead grass.
A team player takes time out to communicate with the media.
Guys in a hair salon one guy holding up one finger.
A young boy in a green wheel barrel with a girl pushing him.
A male conductor wearing all black leading a orchestra and choir on a brown stage playing and singing a musical number.
A child making a sand castle on the beach.
There is a stand under a large blue and red umbrella with a large assortment of produce and there are several people looking through the produce.
In this photo, a woman is selling market items.
A man in a blue and purple striped shirt and hat is walking past a brick building.
Several people are walking down a trail.
Eight people enjoy the fun of rafts and the beauty of a waterfall.
A young boy runs through bubbles.
Many people shopping in a indoor market.
Its a beautiful day for an outdoor wedding.
One man is putting his hand on the back of another man and they are both on a boat.
A man standing on the street.
A man, holding snorkeling equipment, jumps into the green water of the ocean.
A boy and girl are splashing around in the ocean.
A man wearing a black hat is sitting on a stool in front of a green door and next to speakers.
A dog looks warily at the brown dog investigating his area.
Two elderly people being interviewed by a camera crew standing near a green metallic van.
A boy is checking a system on the computer.
Two men outside looking at metalwork objects.
A boy wearing orange star glasses is sitting down holding a toy hammer.
A man and woman wearing winter clothing try to sell various items on a table outside.
A group of passengers socializing while waiting at a bus stop.
A man, adolescent and two boys are mixing a bucket with liquid on a farm.
A man is working on constructing a shelter made of logs and reeds.
A little girl holding flowers is walking away down a path on a sunny day.
Two small white dogs playing
An older child watching a toddler play with a long spring inside a house.
A man wearing leather takes a picture of crystal.
Man wearing a gray jacket sitting on a green bench petting a black dog wearing a red collar.
Man secures a large block of concrete.
A shirtless man with glasses and wet hair shaving facial hair.
An older man standing by a younger man with earphones
A group of skiers head up an incline in the snow.
Man talking on cellphone outside of a jewelry store.
A person paints a photo of a dog, based on a photo of a dog.
Two brown dogs running through a field with a red toy
A man in a brown jacket standing in front of an open porch door.
Black dog running very fast.
A snowboarder leaning against his snowboard while looking at view of foggy mountains
Two mountaineers are looking ahead on a snowy trail.
A snowboarder in gray pants is doing a jump.
A boy is holding a basketball in one hand.
There are five skiers, with backpacks, in the snow.
Two dogs are running across a grassy field.
A dog walks through the snow in the daylight.
A woman walks down the sidewalk carrying a plastic bag.
Children, shown in an aerial view, are playing in a typical family room.
A snowboarder in white soaring through the air.
A large dog chases a small dog on the sand.
Three guys sit on a bench outside of a beverage shop talking.
A young boy is playing basketball in an official game.
An adult hikes in the snow with a mountain in the background.
A little boy pours water from a bucket onto another little boy's head.
Two dogs run along a path strewn with dead leaves.
A short-haired man in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street corner while people look on in the background.
Asians eating in a restaurant with an orange motif.
Two teams playing football, one trying to tackle the other.
Little boy discovering plants growing in a puddle of water.
Construction workers are working with a heavy piece of machinery behind an orange and white striped barrier.
A white dog is splashing through the water.
Children are very excited to see a parrot eating food from his hand.
A man spinning a skateboard in his hands while people watch.
A man holds his crotch with his shirt pulled up, exposing his belly, all while wearing a dew rag.
A dog wearing a jacket, pounces a toy.
A woman in jeans is sleeping on a man.
A man dressed in blue is juggling in front of an audience.
A woman in a green shirt and blue hat is playing tennis.
Young man standing on fire escape of a city building.
A woman wearing a pink boa rides a bicycle down a pedestrian bridge.
Two people making music with a guitar and keyboard.
A young girl folding a white piece of clothing from a laundry basket.
A boy hangs onto straps on a train.
A young man in a white shirt and gold and black hat sits cross legged.
A man with a camera studies his work.
A man wearing green waterproofs is walking on a grassy cliff top carrying some penguins.
A person uses a long-handled net to catch something in the air.
Four children are standing to pose for a photo.
Mom with child looking at blue fish.
A boy appears to be dancing to music in a building filled with people.
A shaggy dog with a toy in its mouth.
Three women in dresses are outside accepting hors d'oeuvres from a caterer.
A woman leads three little boys in soccer uniforms.
Men and women at a formal function when a woman in a white dress is carrying a bouquet of red flowers.
A groom and bride make their way down the aisle as man and wife.
A man and woman getting married outside on a sunny day.
A man and a woman are getting married outdoors.
People smile while standing in suits and dresses.
A man in sunglasses sits with his girlfriend at a wedding.
A woman with a yellow wrist corsage speaks to the blond bride.
Brunette woman fixing blond woman's hair.
A woman in a green tank top with curlers in her hair has makeup applied to her eyes in front of a leopard print backdrop.
People walk around and laugh outside.
Two women in sunhats walk arm in arm down a city street carrying purses.
Woman in blue jacket shows off her vintage car in front of Nathalie's DollHouse.
A woman wearing a pink hat is looking at a pink car with the truck open.
Man riding a bicycle on a foggy day.
A man in a black t-shirt looking down as he holds a drink.
A green fish is jumping out of water.
A man lays down to rest inside a wood structure against a building.
A snowboarder doing a trick while on a run.
A woman is talking with two policemen in yellow jackets at an outdoor event.
A group of people are walking outside an exhibition tent.
A gloved man is walking on a sidewalk near an orange van.
A young boy smiling and holding sandals.
A dog runs in the snow, a fence in the background.
A foreign lady gathering vegetables.
A pale boy playing in a pit of blue balls.
A donkey pulling a car with a man on it
A shirtless, bearded and mustached man peers through a home's doorway while a cat sits on the bottom step of the entrance to the home.
A woman and a little girl pose for a picture with a llama atop a hillside.
A brown and black dog walks in the white snow.
A man wearing a welding helmet welding steel.
A large dog runs through a field with a smaller dog.
A photographer is standing with a boy and his photography equipment.
A man without a shirt on is doing work on the side of a building.
A shirtless man works at a construction site.
A man is standing in front of a building holding heart shaped balloons and a woman is crossing the street.
A girl is playing a video game on a life sized screen.
Several people are walking on a rainy busy street in Asia with clear umbrellas.
A red-haired male is shaving his face.
A brown and black dog is chasing a black dog in the snow.
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.
A group of campers is eating dinner near their fire.
A man in a blue and white shirt is siting.
A bald man sitting on a stage playing a guitar.
Four people riding on the subway.
Two dogs, one large and one small, are playing together in the grass.
A dog carries a stick through the woods.
An older gentleman wearing an elaborate headdress holding a white dog that has had its fur dyed several colors.
A singer and two guitarists are playing on a colorfully lit stage.
A young boy is on the back of another person whom is wearing a hat.
The German Shepherd is walking in the body of water.
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.
A small boy in black is surfing.
Some people looking out windows in a large building.
Three dogs playing in a yard together.
Two peoplw with top of heads on grass.
A young man plucking on his guitar in a waiting room.
Three children jumping while an older man watches from a row of chairs nearby.
Little girl kicking rocks on the beach with her dog.
Two young girls exercising to keep up with playing soccer.
A woman wearing a red hat and black coat.
Two dolphins jumped out of the water in this zoo.
A young man watches a little girl walking in the grass.
A young boy tosses his ball in the air outside.
Group of girls hanging out on a wet sandy beach.
The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area.
A young boy weating blue shorts and cleats holding a football running from other boys.
A dog bounding across the sandy landscape in front of people watching.
A rock climber with a white helmet is repelling.
Someone dangles on a rope from a rocky cliff over the ocean.
A blond-haired boy is looking at an odd looking humanoid robot.
A woman wearing a visor is playing a piano outdoors.
A small group of people are standing talking to each other outside.
Three people in skiing gear are standing behind a "no skiing" sign.
A mother pulls her daughter on a sled in the snow.
A man handling a gold vase type object with 2 others looking on.
Looking down on someone climbing a cliff over water.
A man stands on the rocky ledge of a large cliff.
Two girls playing instruments in a group.
A man in a blue sweater is playing a sporting game on the Wii!
Six people are attempting to move a car on a snowy street.
Woman on the street window shops in front of the store, Louis Vuitton.
Little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train.
There are two guys playing guitar hero at a public place.
An older couple enjoying a Christmas meal.
A male dressed in a white shirt with white shorts paints a white wall black.
Two boy scouts filling bucket with water from a sink
A man reads an advertisement at a bus stop, while another man sits on a bench.
A Mom and a kid on the beach with sailboats in the background.
Woman in pink top riding a bicycle along side a man jogging along the waterfront.
A young boy washing a window.
A girl is smiling as a motorcycle with two adults and a child pass by behind here.
A black man standing alone outside in a long overcoat.
Two dogs are playing with a tennis ball in snow near a tree.
Several people dressed in blue, one is twirling a ribbon
Young girl in pink dress plays with boy and a ball
A woman is seen reading through a subway window.
A band is on stage playing music, led by a man wearing a suit.
Boy with a painted face is walking around a track.
Two boys eating apples playing on a cement car barrier
The images aren't showing up, so I 'm going to assume the picture is lovely.
A bunch on people are seated in a stadium.
A construction worker overseeing someone digging with a machine.
Six small children in coats are gathered around a food cart selling chestnuts for 2.00 Euros.
A young boy holding a basketball about to shoot.
A hold man in green jacket reads a book along a dirt trail.
A group of people standing in the street.
A little girl in a brown top and pink pants is balancing a bowl with plants in it on her head.
A man dressed in black walks on an icy sidewalk
People running and walking in and out of a small farm town.
A man is watching his young daughter's reaction to a homemade birthday cake.
Men working along side a fish and chips restaurant with a dump truck.
A couple of people have finished shoveling a path.
A crowd of people are in the streets and some have torches.
Many old females are performing arts and crafts.
A group of people at a party with two cakes on the table.
A single man drinking a mug of green liquid
Three females are hanging while the other three females are walking away.
A group of people are visiting in a dark lit room.
A white dog in a black coat is standing in the snow.
Several woman are conversing around a table.
A group of women are sitting near each other and knitting.
A group of women are sitting around tables.
Female sign holders take refuge under umbrellas during a rainstorm.
Man in a sweater learning to knit.
A brown dog and a spotted dog squabble over a dog toy.
A boy jumps on the bright colored pillows.
A boy in red jumps backward onto the sand at a playground.
A man selling or buying oranges on a cart in an outside supermarket.
A woman on a cellphone walks up the steps of the underground with another passenger close behind.
An older man with glasses fixing a toy firetruck while an baby girl plays with it.
A large group of people dressed casually gather to dance.
An elderly woman is looking at a teenage boy
A woman tries to cross the road before a man on a red scooter.
A sculptor in a blue sweater chiseling a piece of stone.
A toddler poses in front of a computer at a business office.
A man dressed in winter clothes is on the beach wiht a dog.
A caravan of green and red vehicles going up a mountain.
Several women sitting in chairs in front of a wall of mirrors.
Children play basketball on a court.
The man and the woman are sitting at a table.
Adults in winter jackets and hats swing brooms at a little yellow ball while a black dog looks on.
A man wearing a dark top and white pants lies down in the shade on park bench.
A white dog jumps up to catch a soccer ball in landscaped grassy yard.
The dog walks through the cold water.
A crowd of young people in winter clothing, waiting for the train.
A man shaving another man in a barber shop.
Painters in red overalls painting a large door from blue to gray.
An elderly person is crouched down and holding a cane.
A man leads a caravan of six camels and their riders up a sandy hill, with rocky mountains in the background.
A priest rubs a cross on a man's forehead.
A person stands between two giant statues that look like faces.
A girl with dyed red-hair wearing striped clothing talking on a cellphone.
A woman in a red sports-bra runs on the sidewalk past a brick fence.
A woman reads a book in a subway station.
A child in red jumps on a red object while others laugh.
Workers wearing hard hats and face masks process waste.
A man sits ourdoors next to cardboard boxes and plays an instrument.
Young girl practicing her pan flipping skills.
Four bicyclists ride along a dirt road between two wire fences.
A beautiful day to lay by the Ocean, waiting for the waves.
Two men and two women standing at the window of a ticket booth.
A boy is feeding birds in a park.
A sky-view at a diner overlooking the people in the booths.
People walk along on the street.
A mom and son enjoying a day in the park.
Two dogs fight over a stick in a flooded field.
A group of young adults gathers around on the floor to play a complex board game.
Dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth
A butcher cutting fish to be sold at the market
A man is holding a dish of squid.
A young in a white dress standing in front of a fence and fountain.
A man beige shirt having a drink.
One boy and a girl dressed in snowsuits, jumped in air with hands raised in lots of snow.
A German shepherd is playing with a red ball.
A beautiful view of the mountains on a snowy day.
Man, son, and vendor smile while holding souvenir magazines.
A man in a plaid shirt is throwing a hatchet at a wall in his garage.
A young man with a happy expression is tossing bits of colored paper into the air.
A toddler shovels a snowy driveway with a bright orange shovel.
Guy jumping in front of some interesting wall art.
A woman with a panda hat and headphones is in front of a man outside in the snow.
A boy with a red backpack walking along a trail.
A view of a European cityscape full of many passersby.
A group of people are outside a brick building.
A man in an apron stands in a kitchen working an industrial mixing bowl.
Some kids wearing white and red are playing soccer.
An old woman walking along a sidewalk with buildings that are littered with graffiti.
Two middle-aged men play guitar on a stage.
Two dogs are playing in the white snow.
A little boy is watching a palace guard stand outside a little black hut.
A big black dog carries a blue ball while two Corgis run at his side.
Many people of Indian descent wearing bright, colorful clothing &amp; walking up steep flights of stairs.
A woman holding a water bottle is running on the beach.
A woman pulls an inflatable boat into the water.
One woman painting the other one's face for a carnival.
A local artist expresses herself on a wall at the side of a street.
A young girl is sliding down a snow slope in a red sled.
A surfer by a bridge in foggy conditions
Two men in a garage are fixing the engine of a car.
Group of men grinding stone in poor conditions.
A bald man running on a treadmill in a white shirt and striped shorts.
A man carries a tray of glasses.
Two men are sawing a board of wood trying to complete their project, while one of those two men smokes a cigarette.
A girls soccer team goes into a huddle.
A guy wearing a parka is walking on an empty sidewalk.
A woman is selling vegetables on the street.
A few men are sitting on chairs and standing under a large red umbrella.
The lady in pink is walking past someone holding flowers.
Scantily clad woman in black waits in a restaurant with other patrons.
The young basketball player moves into the front court.
An older man wearing a winter coat and jeans stands in front of a large, wheeled flower cart.
A man shovels snow in front of a house.
A man sprays a cement truck with a hose at a curbside as a man walks by.
Two people are walking in a desert.
Two men gather in the lobby of a building.
Riding a red motorcycle, with appropriate equipment.
A man with glasses and a red backpack standing in front of a brick wall
Bike riders pass an ornate building with a clock.
Lille boy standing behind a glass door wearing a red hat and black jacket with a woman standing just out of his sight on the sidewalk.
Four people are in some type of cement building with the number 93 painted on the wall.
A small dog on a chain leash stands in a shadowed hallway alone.
Tired from reading his book, a young man in a striped shirt takes a nap in the library.
The dogs are playing with a tennis ball in the yard.
A group of band members are performing on the streets of another country.
The man is climbing up a steep snowy mountain.
A beautiful sunset with three people in a boat on the lake.
A woman in a public place wearing a yellow tank top holding a bottle of water looking over her shoulder
A woman is talking on her cellphone outside.
A small nude black child is standing on the beach with his feet barely in the water.
Many dogs race around the track.
A man wearing a tracksuit is standing against a pole while other people sit, listening to something through earphones.
Two men working on laptops in front of an ornate fireplace.
A man wearing a black and white jump suite is jogging down a road.
A baby with two fingers up its nose, covered in chocolate pudding
A man and woman are at the ruins reading a guidebook.
A man in glasses relaxing with his feet up.
Man about to hit a tennis ball with 3 seconds left.
A female is standing with two males talking to them.
Two women, one in white-rimmed sunglasses and a green skirt, the other in a longer navy skirt, converse with each other.
Several people selecting food and desert items from an outdoor buffet.
A man in white wearing a Yarmulke is in front of a microphone with several other men in the background.
Two People enjoy the Ocean while under an umbrella.
A brown dog is sitting near a large rock.
Men and women outside holding hands to form circles.
An elderly woman and another younger woman greeting each other.
Two people dressed up having a conversation in front of a table.
Two woman wearing dresses are standing outside on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer.
A woman in a black shirt and red apron is preparing food.
A man carries a picket sign that resembles a restaurant menu, while a woman in a pink, printed sweatshirt gives an exaggerated pout.
A mother and son are sitting together on a bed.
A baby is playing with a long bead necklace on the floor.
A early-bald man puts on a carved wooden mask.
A man and a woman show support for the campaign of Mike Huckabee as they hold up a sign.
A woman in a red apron cooking in the kitchen.
Many people talking and eating at an event during the day.
Two young women are reading from a paper into a microphone.
An older man wearing a brown jacket and a hat stands outside and reaches into his pocket.
A group of women is standing around outside talking.
Young girls are running along in a park.
A person crouches under a yellow umbrella on the beach.
A young Jewish boy sits in a chair at a party.
Three men talking to each other and drinking.
A man in a chef uniform cooking in a restaurants kitchen.
Two boys in running clothes stretching.
A man in an orange vest and a cap stands outside a ladies' bathroom.
A man riding a bus passes a man on the sidewalk.
A large brown dog standing on his hind legs next to a woman.
A bald man is cooking on a stove, throwing a stabbed fish in a pan.
A bearded Caucasian male is standing in a black suit with a purple tie.
A dog jumps through a black hulahoop.
A light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end.
A man is walking his horse on a racetrack.
Two bald men on a park bench wearing small yellow traffic cones.
A young boy in pajamas sleeps on a couch.
A young boy in a blue shirt releases his bowling ball down the lane in a bowling alley.
A man dressed in black is standing above a white dog.
A couple sits to watch the sunset from a bridge.
A man working on a steam engine with a water tower in the background.
Toddler boy wearing airplane shirt, in stroller with large beads.
A woman wearing all blue hits a ball very hard while playing tennis.
Group of children and adults ride bicycles on a dirt road in the woods.
A young girl in a flowery dress surrounded by watermelons
A child poses in the snow holding a partially formed piece of snow.
A man examining something under a magnifying lens.
A little girl in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox.
A child is wearing jeans and a white sweater.
A crowd of people standing next to a seafood stand.
Baby in the water being held up by an adult's arms.
A woman in a purple dress plays with her hair while waiting in a lobby.
Commuters on a train going to work
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.
A woman in a gas mask is using a sewing machine.
A man and woman dressed in punk rock style clothing are seen crossing the street during the daytime.
Old hands are working on a task.
A fireman on a ladder fixing a telephone pole with flames in the background.
Hockey players waiting to start playing the game.
Two young women standing outside a blue door, one smoking a cigarette.
Two men move dirt around a young tree.
A group and men and women are planting a leafless tree.
A group of men are planting a tree.
A group of people wearing jackets are gathered on the sidewalk.
Two kids playing with each other outside.
A man lays on a wood ramp while another holds a fishing pole.
Two women and a man smile for the camera.
Two people hang from safety ropes over a giant cliff.
Three construction workers working on something.
Three men are standing outside and one is holding a shovel full of dirt.
A group of people sitting around on a couch, one holding a cat.
A man in a tropical enviorment holding a camera to his face.
Two surfers walk along a rock wall to reach the waves.
Two young children skate across the ice holding hockey sticks.
People working in a kitchen preparing food.
A man is standing on a street in the rain, he is holding an umbrella.
Man with rickshaw bike full of ripe bananas.
A handicapped person with one leg skiing down a mountain with other mountains in the background.
A woman with a blue shirt is reading to her son.
A man in a black jacket is holding a little girl's hand while walking down the city street
A black and brown dog running in a field
Man wearing a red shirt is waiting in line at a restaurant.
Man with a painted white face blowing a whistle.
African American man with shopping bag standing in a blue phone booth.
A male is holding several Tehelka newspapers about a murder.
Young men wave flags in a crowd outside of a glassy building.
A man is touching a large metal structure.
A brown and white dog running in a field of grass.
Two young men wearing matching clothing smiling.
Two women in white headscarves read a text message in front of a busy store.
Man on a pier looks at two dogs standing in shallow water.
Two big dogs wade in the ocean
A black dog chases a boy wearing red and blue.
A well dressed, dark-haired, dark-skinned young man wearing earbuds sits and rests against a tree.
A young girl plays in her pink toy kitchen.
A group of people in silhouette play on a beach as the surf rolls in.
Child wearing a red shirt sits on a rock in the water.
A man is playing the guitar while another man plays the drums in front of a crowd of people.
A black cat hugging a white and gray dog.
A man wearing a dark blue hat sits on the ground and leans against a building.
Black dog in the yard at night.
Some people in desert garb are standing on and next to rugs and cloth.
A man is standing in the Tourist-Info store.
A black and brown dog jumping in midair near a field.
A man riding a bike in front of a building.
A man in a blue shirt is watching three trucks that are being swept away by flood waters.
An Asian woman is posing on the pier near a boat on the water.
Four dogs play with each other and with sticks.
Construction workers work on an old building.
A woman wearing a pink crash helmet has a tattoo of a native American on her shoulder.
People sit at the outdoor tables under a brown awning in a rural setting.
A young boy walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap.
A man with a beard and long hair plays the guitar.
A man operates a piece of machinery as another worker in an orange vest watches.
Woman sweeps the area in front of a store.
A man walking toward a bicycle chained to a post in front of a large window in the early evening.
A little girl sits in a highchair, looking unhappy.
Women are shopping at an outdoor market with oranges on display.
A man is playing his guitar at Joe's Cafe.
Two Chicago police officers are talking, while viewing a work site from above.
A mother is reaching down for her child on a sidewalk.
A lady in a black coat and a gray scarf is carrying shopping bags.
A large dog stands in the water.
A kid walks on a snowy hill with their arms out.
A man is loading Vons shopping carts onto a truck.
Little boy in yellow shirt is climbing out of a plastic playground tunnel.
A woman with an umbrella following a car on a billboard.
An older gentleman stands along the shore of an immense lake with a cityscape across the water.
Construction workers at a construction site.
A woman and child ride a teeter-taughter in a park.
Four men in orange vests work on a road at night.
Arms of fans lifted to band members as they play guitars and sing in low light.
Waiting for her scores after her tumbling routine is completed.
A woman in a red jacket and orange glasses is jogging.
Person looking out over the ocean in awe.
A group of people are outside walking through a village street.
The saxophone player is performing on the street corner.
A man in a white shirt hugs a girl with blond-hair on the subway.
A man playing a orange colored guitar.
A man with glasses in a black shirt playing the drums.
A woman talking to people sitting around her.
A woman holding and posing an infant dressed in a hawaiin shirt on a skateboard.
Young man in white long-sleeved shirt standing in front of mountains on a cloudy day.
A man wearing a seat belt and sunglasses rests his head at an angle inside a vehicle.
Man in glasses wearing flannel is in class, writing.
A group of young Middle Eastern kids posing for the picture
A young girl with her hair standing up.
Dancers, in front of the Costa Rican flag, are finishing their performance.
A female is working in a laboratory with science equipment.
A gathering of people around two long tables set with different colored bowls and plates.
A little girl in a pink cardigan is jumping from the couch.
A boy wearing shorts, t-shirt, flip-flops and a backward hat is sitting in a folding chair, fishing off a wooden pier.
Musicians gather in a classroom to play guitar and other instruments.
Large group of individuals sits around as a man in a light colored polo speaks in front of a large wooden building.
A little boy trying to brush a woman's hair.
A group of people looking at a field of greenery.
Children are listening to a man in a blue shirt.
A group of people are walking towards the water on a beach.
The child wearing the green shirt is on the beach talking with some people.
A lady with long hair and a hat walks down a sloping sidewalk paved with stone.
A woman and a young girl are sitting together at a table, playing Monopoly.
A woman wearing black addresses a group of people in a tiled room.
Two women wearing scarves are waiting to cross the street.
A policeman on a white horse are patrolling the streets of the city.
A black dog is running across a field.
The blue team, Mustangs, are on a fast break, and are likely hoping to capitalize with some points.
A girl is climbing a rock while someone is filming her.
A boy wearing winter clothing in an igloo
Two men in shorts and flip-flops walking in front of the Farmer's Market.
Two men are in a small boat and spraying water at something.
The helmeted boy is doing a stunt on a skateboard.
The white dog ran across the tile floor.
An older woman in a white shirt holds a red bag behind some glass.
A man and woman sit at a table inside a fast food restaurant.
This is our break fast time and we are posing for the photo.
Bridesmaids in gold dresses and others watch as a man in a suit hula hoops.
An old man playing the violin is being watched by a child.
A woman spikes a volleyball as the opposing player tries to block the ball.
A man on a boat that is standing and paddling on a river.
A man is pushing a cart with wooden barrels across an empty street.
A man smiling and tying and apron.
A little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera
Person riding bicycle down dirt hill in wooded area
A person wearing a wetsuit is surfing on a white surfboard.
A small child jumps high above a sandy field.
A woman with light brown hair sits across a man with short medium brown hair.
Kids in a locker room at school getting ready for a play.
An adult is assisting a child in the act of ice-skating.
A blond girl wearing Groucho Marx glasses.
A man in a cap and blue shirt pretends to choke a girl.
A woman with a white glove and several others.
A child wearing goggles and wrapped in a towel is crying in front of a pool.
Young boy wearing a yellow shirt jumps onto the brown couch.
A man wearing an apron stands before some food and holds a blue container.
A little girl in a floury, pink jacket, picks out a fruit from a vendors table.
A girl in a frilly pink dress, dancing on grass.
An elderly woman sweeping outside on a sunny day
A black dog is attempting to catch a thrown object that is red.
A man barbecues chicken on a grill.
Young girl eating a bowl of cereal out of a big white bowl.
A gentlemen dressed nicely looking at something on his desk.
A young boy in a bathing suit launches into the air over water while an older man looks on.
A woman looking at the daytime sky through a telescope that's on a tripod.
Several people stand outside near metallic objects including a few posts.
Two people stand near a red wheelbarrow.
The surfer is wearing a black bodysuit while picking up her board.
A group of people are organizing their chinese lanterns.
A shirtless man shaves outside a garage while someone to the side holds up a mirror for him to see from.
A child plays with books on the floor.
A young blond women and a man waiting to cross the street.
A group of people sit outside during a barbecue.
A man that is not wearing a shirt is brushing his teeth.
Boy wearing a green and white soccer uniform running through the grass.
A man with a beard and a blue shirt plays a guitar.
Photographers are taking pictures in a building.
A person in safety orange clothing is lying atop an open manhole.
Young blond woman with red beads, gray sweatshirt marked GONTAGA.
Three girls sing and one girl plays the guitar on a stage in front of a small crowd.
Eight people sitting down at a table indoors for refreshments.
A man in a beard and glasses sings along as he plays his ukulele.
A man is playing a guitar.
A woman helps a boy to do the monkey bars.
A child wearing red striped pajamas is smiling.
A child in a USA jacket shovels snow off the stairs in front of a house.
A dog is playing with a football in the snow.
A lady wearing green and white shorts and top is on the beach clapping her hands.
A DJ standing under some bright lights with an advertisement.
A person walks with an artistic contraption in front of the Ocean Blue Company.
A dog runs across the grassy field.
A girl in a blue jacket stands in front of a drab crowd while they watch something.
A brown dog with green collar holding a stick in its mouth.
A group of women and children stand together beside a vehicle and a river.
A shirtless man with sunglasses looks at the camera during a beach party.
A man jumps off a ramp on a snowboard.
A young girl is sliding down a snowbank.
A brown dog is running through an obstacle course.
A man reaches high to help him during his rock climb.
A man climbs a steep rock wall using safety ropes.
A woman is holding a baby by a window.
A female tennis player is standing with her feet apart on a court.
Tennis player trying to reach the ball.
The little girl is riding her red scooter.
Woman in a blue raincoat walking in front of a cement wall.
The large brown dog is walking through water in the ocean.
Two men, one playing a bagpipe and one adjusting the bagpipe.
A man and a woman are sitting at a table with jars of beer and cigarettes.
The baby is holding someone's arm.
A man wearing a black hat walks along a road next to a building.
A boy is aiming a bow and arrow at a target.
A man in red shirt wearing sunglasses is leaning on the wall
Two older men in front of a bus.
Two dogs play out in the snow covered grass.
A young man with a green shirt plays a blue guitar.
A man in a suit and an officer smile for the camera.
A man examines a bike during a yard sale.
A woman wearing a white sun visor is playing tennis.
Two girls on a tandem bicycle, looking at wall art.
The girl in the brown shirt is hanging onto a blue pole.
Cabins in winter surrounded by people enjoying the white powder.
Two kids are photographed playing soccer in a field.
A woman crosscountry skiing, with a brown dog.
A tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent.
A female tennis player on a blue court prepares to hit the ball.
A young boy and girl play together in the sand.
Two people working together serving food at a restaurant.
A redheaded child sits looking through a railing at the water while people play on the beach in a distance.
A messy haired girl in a club.
A group of people are jumping into the air with their arms held high.
Two people are enjoying a scenic view from a park bench.
A old lady with a cane is crossing the street in the rain.
Three boys play football in the grass.
A woman wading through a pool in front of a waterfall.
A group of people are crossing a river
A man sits and drinks a drink with other people in the background.
A man sitting on a boat being watched by police officers.
A group of mostly nude children playing on a bridge over some water.
Woman and man looking at something funny on a laptop screen.
A group of men are standing in lines with their guns on their side.
A boy wears a wetsuit at the beach.
A young man with dreadlocks jumps high in the air near a wall.
A man with long hair riding a bicycle gives the peace sign.
A person swinging on a swing
A man is playing the keyboard and singing into a microphone while a young boy watches.
A man with black hair and wearing a green shirt is scratching his head.
Two men are sitting on a couch.
A young man wearing a pink and white striped shirt is sitting next to a young man wearing a brown shirt.
A group of young people are playing in falling snow.
Two ladies on a sidewalk in a town and one is checking her camera.
Two sisters on a country road chasing sheep.
Little boy in blue shirt and gray shorts running at a park.
Dogs racing at the racetrack.
A person covered partially with a pink blanket sleeps as a gray and white cat sleeps on the floor nearby.
An older couple are standing by a Fairway shopping cart.
A man is looking on as another man attempts to climb a small boulder with his dirt bike.
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
A man and woman holding hands are jumping into the water.
Two children playing in a river near a wooden bridge.
Soccer players warming up on the field before a game.
One is running after a frisbee with another individual riding piggyback.
Young boy wearing a hood, smiling and hiding behind a tree.
People skiing down a slope.
A boy and a girl with a stuffed pink bear walk along the sidewalk.
View of a passenger train through some leafless tree limbs.
A boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race.
A man appears to be sleeping in a warehouse of chickens.
A black dog with white paws is jumping on hay bales.
A dog runs through the woods near a cottage.
A person in sarong walks toward several blue outdoor umbrellas while carrying a tan bag.
The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall.
A dog runs on wet sand as a man in yellow pants walks further back.
A small boy in an orange hat running.
A group of young girls are running in a field.
A man is standing a watching people on the street.
A white and brown dog is catching a red ball in its mouth.
A woman is feeding two babies.
A view from under a table of a young boy laying in an older person's lap.
A little baby cries in his moms arms.
A young girl dressed in a purple leotard, practicing on a gymnastics balance beam.
Several people waiting to play musical instruments
A crowd enjoying a musical band outdoors on a beautiful day.
Man in yellow shirt and jeans laying on the pavement.
A group of children sit together and work on arts and crafts.
A young girl wearing green is playing outside.
A group of children wearing false noses pose for a camera shot.
A woman is balancing several items on her head that are in bags.
A young woman in a white Dior t-shirt lifting a silverware drawer in a kitchen.
Highway workers checking on roadwork.
A man standing in a suit wearing glasses while holding a piece of paper inside a tent.
A man in a sweatshirt eating a sandwich.
White man with American Flag cape and glasses stands in a group of people
Dog climbing on stuffed animals indoors, background TV shows breaking news.
Two men wearing yellow and orange vests working by a highway exit sign.
Newlywed couple sharing a kiss.
A girl is riding a bike on the street while wearing a red helmet.
A group of gay men at a event.
Three men wearing yellow are standing among roadside construction, one of the men is in a hole.
A girl dressed in a pink shirt, jeans, and flip-flops sitting down playing with a lollipop machine.
A few people, mostly girls, sit around a table at a very fancy event as they get their pictures taken.
A man trying to jump into a floaty in beautiful water.
A dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike.
A person crouches at the end of a dock on a lake.
The brown dog with a red bandanna is sitting with its paws up on the computer.
The girl eating spaghetti is wearing a red jacket.
A child is sitting in a large round white seat, reading, near a pink bin full of books.
School children chase some pigeons.
Two blond-hair girl eating and one is using chopsticks.
A little girl reads a book in a bed.
A dog swims in the aqua water.
Two men giving a medical seminar, to a small crowd.
A worker actively engaged in welding two pieces of railing together.
A brown dog is about to jump.
A group of people is sharing a meal at a large table at a restaurant.
The older woman is talking to the child.
Three people walking through a ravine between two rocky cliffs.
A little boy in a red shirt holding a superman produce and staring at an older man.
A man is rowing on his boat through very still water.
A S.C.U.B.A. diver swims in deep blue water.
A man flips barbecue chicken legs while another chef watches.
Three men stand outside a restaurant smoking and conversing.
The greyhound dogs are racing along a dirt path with buildings nearby.
A small girl with a necklace is swimming.
A small black dog growling at a large brown and white cow.
A group of people at a table with glasses of beer smiling.
A brown dog is running down a slope while a man follows beside him.
People gather in an gymnasium for an assembly.
Little boy in his bathing suit tentatively preparing to step in the rocky-lined stream.
A child in a martial arts uniform is jumping in the air with his arms and legs spread.
An infant napping in it's crib in pajamas.
A man and a woman laugh together.
Two blond women are posing in front of the camera with a large green toy.
Person doing a dance on the ocean.
Two ladies wearing medical mask working in a food factory.
Two young girls are going swimming near mountains capped with snow.
A young blond boy is eating a banana while an elderly woman in the background watches.
A bald, older man playing with a dog.
An extreme biker, wearing a red and white jacket, is flying through the air on a red bike.
Two adolescence are making their way through woods.
A young man wearing a hood standing in a swampy area holding a camera.
A little girl in blue panes dances on the grass.
Three people take a lift up the mountain in the ski resort of Adirondack express.
A brown dog and two white dogs are bounding after a ball.
Here is a picture of a man pole dancing in front of his friends at a house party.
Five individuals holding instruments and practicing music together next to a building.
A boy snow tubing on a green, blue, and yellow colored tube.
People are skiing down a snow covered mountain.
A group of friends are getting ready to go skiing.
Two women in black jackets reading a magazine and smiling.
A boy wearing a red shirt dumps water out of a yellow bucket onto a girl's head.
Three children are playing at a sprinkler park.
A red-cheeked, white-bearded man smiles as he stands at an arrangement of colorful arrangement of baskets and decorations.
Two dogs playing keep-away with red toy on blue string.
This is a child in a snowy landscape sledding down a hill.
A small child looks through coin-operated binoculars next to a body of water.
A tan animal is being swatted in the face by a brown and white bull.
A boy does a cannonball into a pool while a girl watches.
A kid is looking through blinds at a truck outside.
Local villagers going home after a day of harvesting crops.
The brown dog is running through the snow
Little girl in a blue dress riding a red toy tractor.
A boy is leaning on a chair whilst another boy pulls him around with a rope.
People are dressed in costumes while on a boardwalk.
A man stands in front of a fallen down building.
Woman dressed in red standing in front of air force men standing in the background.
A woman in a yellow bikini top and sunglasses in a crowd of people on a boardwalk.
A smiling worker, in a cowboy hat, doing masonry.
Two men in hard hats inside a structure look at a yellow tractor.
Lady walking past a man on a bench who is watching her.
There is a man with glasses and a hat wearing a black suit jacket indoors.
Child wearing fireman's hat sits on ground next to man holding a handsaw.
Four shirtless men, hard at work, on a scaffold.
Local villagers are preparing for a fishing trip on this gorgeous fishing boat.
A little boy with a firefighter hat on using a saw to cut the stem of a flower.
Various people in swimsuits and shorts climb large rocks near the water.
A person in a snow jacket is shoveling snow.
A man in a red hoodie laying down in the grass.
A grocery store clerk is checking out groceries being bought be a woman with an injured hand.
A man and woman are talking to each other.
A man riding a bicycle down the street is pulling a large bundle in a cart behind him.
Blue race car riding on dirt path with onlookers.
Two white dogs are running on the grass.
A woman stands behind an outdoor grill with a blue basket of food in her hands.
A man squats near a fire and holds something into it.
People engaged trying out new technology.
Person holding a Frisbee with a white dog jumping for it on a road.
Children jump and play in a bouncy house.
There are two people, a man and a woman, sitting on a bus.
Two men are riding scooters through a room.
An Asian man wearing thick white gloves, talking on a cellphone, and working on something.
Two workers in yellow vests try to fix something.
Two children, one in red, one in black, slide down a snow covered hill as they laugh.
A little boy using a blue toilet.
A bike sits atop a rise with mountains in the background.
A skier out enjoying the slopes on a crisp, cool day.
A boy and a girl bouncing on a ball
A beautiful photograph of a church at sunset with birds flying overhead and orange-red sky
A woman dressed in white using a rope to pull a black carved wooden bear on a cart.
Three children are playing in a water fountain.
A man and a woman are sitting on a yellow couch laughing under a yellow comforter with white daisies.
2 little girls made paper plate snowmen.
A man in a black hat and black coat is standing next to a woman wearing a blue scarf.
Brick layers constructing a wall.
A man is sitting in a boat on the shore with the lake in the background.
Blond-haired male looking straight at the camera while coworker makes food.
A little girl wearing a white shirt puts her hand into the water of a fountain.
The children take turns riding the minerature pony with an adult supervising.
Three dogs are running across snow with a tire track in it.
Two women wearing traditional African garb passing in front of a run-down building.
An old man hauling his wares in the back of a tricycle
A person in a black jacket is snowboarding during the evening.
A black dog is trying to run with its legs buried in the snow.
Standing next to a fence, people gather to look out towards the water below.
A girl wearing a pink coat and red hat walks down a gravel path.
Two soccer players walk on the soccer field.
Two soccer teams getting ready for penalties after a goaless draw in a match in london, england.
Two men are watching others on a beach shore.
A woman in maroon is running by other people dressed in running clothes
Man in working clothes operates a rotating drum.
A young boy standing in a dilapidated school room with the chalkboard and a broken desk in the background.
Many men play soccer, while a crowd watches.
A referee is talking with a couple of soccer players in red jerseys.
Soccer players are shaking each others hands on the soccer field.
A woman in a white shirt sits in front of a slot machine.
Women standing in front of a ATM machine at a casino.
Four people are sitting around a kitchen counter while one is drinking from a glass.
Two girls wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside.
The girl in pink with the unusual hair and makeup stands our on the crowded escalator.
A crosscountry skier with a backpack skies across a snow covered hillside.
An older woman with latex gloves and man holding a plastic bag in a fish market in a foreign country.
Two people are in a canoe on a river in misty conditions.
A group of people sits around a table, raising their glasses.
A woman is looking out the window up at the sky.
A diagram of a hand is displayed on a wall, behind which a woman studies.
A surfer riding a wave in the ocean.
A woman in a white dress is dancing on the beach.
A young dancer holds a pose in an open field.
The professor reading the names of students who have passed the exam.
White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence.
Workers dressed in jackets and white helmets entering a work location.
A boy in a blue shirt sheep wrestling with a rodeo clown in the background.
A young boy wearing a t-shirt and jeans is walking in a grassy field.
A group of six friends are relaxing in the dining area.
A woman wearing a white-hooded sweatshirt checks the blood pressure of a man in a yellow shirt.
A man wearing a hat is driving a car.
As a spectator watches, a man is jumping over a body of water that is in a field of dead grass, with dead trees in the background.
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.
A group of people enjoys their company with liquor.
A black-haired man standing next to a podium made of wood and plastic.
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.
One person is feeding a pink peep to another person.
College kids crowded around an apartment table eating with paper plates and cups.
A young boy in a dental examination.
A police officer is talking with the driver of the pale yellow car while three other officers stand nearby.
A woman at a restaurant eating a dish of food.
Two kids are looking through a window with an adult in the back.
Some women are putting candles on a cake made of Marshmallow Peeps.
A woman in pajamas and a man smiling in a hallway.
A man holds a dog and a beer while sitting in a floral armchair.
A woman with luggage walks along a street in front of a large advertisement.
A group of firefighters are gathered in the street.
A bunch of guys watching something on a computer screen.
People at work in the lounge.
Man with glasses holding boy upside down outside in a stone-filled yard.
Two men posing for a picture while drinking beer.
A woman is reading a piece of paper aloud as a man stands behind her.
Woman in yellow costume smiling.
A man sitting at a dining table, wearing a striped shirt, is eating a salad and having a glass of red wine.
A young woman and some friends at a party.
A man with glasses replaces a watch battery while another man watches him.
Dog jumping looking up and small white ball in air passed by
A golden dog is jumping in an attempt to catch a ball.
Three casually dressed men in a yard smiling.
The baby is wearing a bib and sitting in an adult'
A male toddler colors a picture with a green crayon and a dimly-lit restaurant.
Woman in blue dress dancing in front of a crowd.
Two elderly women setting up dinner.
A woman in a bridal dress is being walked in with a man in a skirt.
A little girl has a pen sticking out of her nose.
A little girl is carefully coloring in the pictures of a coloring book.
A young boy is writing on a chalkboard.
A man plays an acoustic guitar on a subway platform.
A woman and a child are standing next to a chalkboard on an easel.
Two older children hold the hands of a younger child in goggles while jumping into a pool.
An older man and woman are playing monopoly with children.
Older person standing in the water holding on to a wooden stake.
A young boy and girl playing Pokemon.
A black dog carries an orange ball, walking on the ground covered in leaves.
A woman and a girl ride a sled down a hill standing up.
It's Christmas and its also snowing and there is a person jumping on top of a pole.
Family gazes as newborn sleeps on the lap of the mother.
A man wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him.
A little boy is throwing snow around outside.
A woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying.
A girl in a blue bathing suit walks across the beach.
An old lady wearing apron in her kitchen, smiling while spooning soup to another pan.
A person in a blue jacket stands along side crates and kegs on a busy Asian street.
There is a person sitting on a plastic blow-up float in the high piled snow.
Two young girls enjoying their day at the park with bubbles.
A young woman in a hat poses with a rooster.
A girl walks next to a pool.
A young woman in a cupcake shirt unwraps a gift.
The boy is jumping into a lake.
A bull rider is trying to stay on a bull at a rodeo.
Man opens gift of beer bottle pillow.
A man is opening a present and posing with it for a picture.
A child with a yellow balloon walks through a fair.
Four men walking down the street in all black robes.
A boy looks at a new toy during christmas
Two dogs, one brown, the other black and white, are playing on a sidewalk.
A man is sitting on a white lawn chair in front of a blue building.
An adult is holding up a child who is trying to ice skate.
A small child cries as the man in the white shirt holds him.
A woman in a green vest leans back with her eyes closed and mouth open.
Christmas time in a city square full of people.
Five children, two boys and three girls, with the girls wearing white scarves, sit on the pavement outside in front of a large window.
The baby is holding a Santa figurine.
A little girl in a red shirt playing on a jungle gym.
A man watches a young child coloring with her crayola crayons.
A woman and a child are outside of a Mcdonald's and there's a man seated inside with a drink.
Two men work on a bicycle in a garage.
A man at a car lot is holding a pop and waiting for customers.
Two country musicians jamming it up.
A man with a guitar and a cowboy hat performs in front of a microphone.
A large group of people with pamphlets sitting in a auditorium.
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
Four people are on a dock and two of them are sitting on railings.
A man with a red sweater with a paper badge looking down at something.
This woman is laying on concrete.
A man playing a trumpet along side a woman playing a saxophone stand outside in pink hats.
An eccentrically dressed man and his dog are sitting on a bench with a guitar and harmonica.
A group of people standing on the steps of an old house.
A boy dives into a pool near a water slide.
Child in orange jacket and a helmet playing in the snow.
Two men in black jackets walk down the street.
Two men, one dressed in red, white, and blue coat and the other dressed in a dark coat, walk down a cobblestone street.
Older man with glasses talking on the phone.
A young child with snow on his face gets out of a blue sled.
A young man has fallen asleep outside while resting his head on his backpack.
A warmly dressed boy pretending an icicle is a gun.
A dog sitting in ice and snow.
A man in a blue jacket stands on a dirt path in a forest full of trees and ferns.
A hiker in a red cap walking along a mountain path.
A person with a red hat stands in a pile of snow on the side of a road while traffic goes by.
Some men are standing by the side of the highway.
A male in his underwear is posing for a picture with two women in Time's Square.
A monk shows visitors one of his possessions.
Two men are singing in front of a small group of men wearing caps.
Band performing at a show.
A little boy is eating something and got it all over his mouth.
A band playing in a pretty small venue.
A band performing in front of a group of fans.
Hikers walking up red clay path.
Two people wearing backpacks and a woman in red shorts are standing on some large rock formations.
Four Walmart shoppers in a deep discussion in the grocery section.
A man plays an acoustic guitar for an audience inside a large yellow and white tent.
A small child sleeding down a snowy hill wearing a blue helmet
A woman holding a purse is walking in front of two doors.
A man in a white shirt eating vegetables.
The man in blue is punching the man with the red gloves while he blocks his face.
A person with a skateboard is sitting on a bench.
A white dog is airborne whilst catching a green toy.
A smiling man standing on two scooters.
A black and white dog in a plaid coat is carrying a very long stick.
A man with a backpack on filming something.
A woman in an orange jersey is holding a football and being pursued by a woman in a blue t-shirt on a field.
Man sitting in a restaurant at a table.
A few people park their boat at a dock.
A person is standing on a ladder, hanging wallpaper.
A crowd of suburban youth wait for a performance to begin.
A man of African descent stands atop a beam.
A person is a red hat and winter jacket is looking into the distance.
Construction worker leaning against under a crosswalk light.
A girl wearing a halter top eats cake at a table.
A group of men dressed in Santa attired play music on a street corner.
An Asian woman in a black and white printed shirt sits by the side of a building.
A group of people are playing instruments.
People are walking along the sidewalks of a brightly lit city.
Two kids are out in a small boat in the ocean with a larger boat in the background.
A young boy in a swimsuit and sandals is standing in a doorway.
A man in black shorts is sliding on a tarp.
A boy running on a beach looking out at a city.
Men playing with a red ring out in the field.
A woman sites with her feet on the seats in a subway car.
Two males are staring at a floating object.
Two young boys swimming in a pool of green water.
A dog and a cow are standing on a hillside.
The lady is white is selling things on the street.
A woman in a black shirt is cuddling a cat.
A hummer is driving through a mud puddle several feet deep.
One person is looking at a painting while another person is holding her hand up.
A brown dog is laying on its back on a white carpet with a green ball on it.
Older woman in red sweeter is opening a gift.
Two young girls and an old man with gray hair and beard are opening Christmas presents.
A woman wears an Egytian-like headdress.
Two men acting out a scene in front of a small group of friends.
A lady is taking care of her child.
A smiling man with short brown hair in a black shirt with an open orange shoe box.
Man on a beach with a baby
A man walking in the side street with his head down.
Man in blue sweater measuring curved board.
Construction worker on a beam helping guide the crane to place another beam in the right position.
City performer, male, all dressed in black with cowboy hat playing guitar.
The man standing on the beam is wearing a white hard hat.
A little girl is sweeping a patio with a broom that is bigger than she is.
Pigeon staring at a woman in black boots sitting on a park bench reading a paper.
A little girl peers out from a woven basket.
A man wearing glasses plays a large brass instrument
A soccer player dressed in blue holding a soccer ball preparing to throw it.
A man with a striped shirt is on stage next to another person with a guitar.
A girls brown hair is thrashed by the wind.
Four people stand around near a blue fork lift.
A man holding a plastic bag is standing in a doorway.
A blond dog with floppy ears runs toward the camera.
The dog is running in the grass next to the water.
White fluffy dog hangs out of the window of a turquoise building.
A nice neighborhood street in the beautiful green foothills.
Multiple children in bright colors are playing a game of musical chairs.
Young girl hugging her red teddy bear.
There are several women, some wearing T-shirts with HSBC on them, at a food buffet.
A multi generation family having a meal at a restaurant.
People hanging out on the beach in bathing suits and relaxing clothing.
An old man wearing glasses is praying with his beads while sitting down.
A brown and black dog leaps through the freshly mown grass.
A brown dog is sitting in the front of a canoe.
Five women in identical swimsuits hold on to a rope near the ocean.
There are people feeding sheep and a dog is herding them.
2 men are sitting down and drawing on either side of an easel in a room with a Christmas Tree.
A woman sitting on the side of the rode selling bananas.
A group of people sit down at a table for a meal.
The child in the red jacket and orange mittens is sitting in the snow next to a shovel.
Two soccer teams converge at the goal and the goalie reaches for the ball.
A falcon is perched on a girl's left arm as a man assists her and talks into a microphone.
Two babies are asleep in messy highchairs in front of CD shelves.
A large boat drives through the harbor.
A fluffy white dog looks down a steep, grassy embankment.
A mother and daughter standing in front of a graffiti covered wall.
A man walks toward a garage, on a poorly lit road.
A muddy jeep driving through the forest.
A man throwing or retrieving a line thrown into the water at the dock of a large boat.
A man repairing a sidewalk on a steep hill.
Three children in bathing suits are playing in foam
A man sits on a red sofa next to a cat.
The silhouette of three men are either standing or sitting in a boat at sea as the sun sets.
A rodeo man is roping a calf during a competition.
A brown dog wearing a red vest is running in the grass.
A group of female dancers dancing on a stage.
A white dog with brown spots is jumping through the air.
An older man sitting in front of a car.
A woman wearing a veil is sitting in front of a blanket.
A person climbing up a snowy mountain.
A man wearing a grass skirt, is standing in the grass among a group of pigs on their backs near the coast.
A man and some bicycles are in front of a large building.
A black dog is running through a marsh-like area.
A woman climbs up a steep rock face.
A seated, older woman finishing a painting of a group of African women.
An old man plays guitar in front of a red bucket filled with money.
A young boy throwing a rock into a pond in front of a large building.
A boy stands near water with a stone in his hand.
People shopping in a market with lots of fruits.
Two women standing by a door behind another individual seated in a red chair.
A young boy holds a baby crocodile up to the camera.
A family walks down a nature pathway pushing a small child in a red stroller.
A elderly man in a tan jacket is crossing a city street.
A boy playing in water.
A white dog plays with a brown dog on carpet.
Man reaching for something in a plastic container outside.
A little boy is playing on a jungle-gym with a blue roof and a yellow tunnel.
Three men in a rustic cabin working with laptops.
Young people are using computers next to each other.
Two young kids are in a hut.
People walking down the street past a Lounge &amp; Grill.
A boy reads at a desk in front of closed blinds.
A ballerina teacher is showing a young girl how to position herself.
An Asian boy is leaning against a pole.
Asian women standing in front of a body of water and surrounded by trees with red leaves.
A small boy looking at a red wall
The white dog is wading in the pond atop the mountain.
Two girls and three boys are sitting on a bench laughing.
Two elderly woman, both in long-sleeve jackets with white hair, holding hands near wall with graffiti.
A crowd is enjoying an outdoor festival.
Two men in a group of 4 people are looking up at a large soap bubble.
An older man sits on an ornate chair with a table in front of him.
Children holding foreign banners standing in front of an older man and woman.
Several children at an Asian fair appear to be engaged in a game.
Outside asian festival with white words on red banners, a stage of judges behind a row of red flowers with lots of asian people standing by.
A parade of people in pink marches on.
Two people wearing black sit on a bench and look down.
Orange dog jumps over striped posts on course.
Two girls competing in a track event.
Three boys are racing against each other.
Toddler standing near a pole with an orange life jacket at his feet.
A man posing for his photo on a rocky beach.
A tattooed woman in a black dress holds a drink while sitting at a table in a dimly-lit room.
Two people stand on a beach and look to the right.
The blue team passes off the baton in a relay race.
Children pass a baton during a relay run.
A child wearing a green tank top with the number four on it is participating in a race.
A woman on a ski slope.
A group in uniform marches carrying red signs with Chinese lettering on them.
A boy is surrounded by pigeons.
Group of sitting asian children all dressed in white polos and navy blue pants.
Three Asian men running and winning a race.
Two young school kids run to finish their race.
Four men are pointing to a measuring stick while crouching.
Five Asian girls are lined up on a track preparing to run.
Guy drinking beverage outside of brightly lit basement.
A black dog jumping off a riverbank near a wooded area.
A small child is standing at the edge of the woods.
A small child in a red coat points to a handbag in a shop window.
A guy standing is watching another guy in midair.
A baseball is recoiling from an action taken on a treated field watched by others.
A person holding a "Free Hugs" sign, hugs another person.
A white dog plays outside in a fenced yard while it snows.
A skier catches air over the snow.
A small child jumps on a colorful toy in the street.
A woman in orange works beside a loom.
A man with glasses and a green shirt is holding onto the wall.
Two dogs drink water in a lake.
A student jumps up to kick his heels together while outside of a school building in the winter snow.
Three males on the edge of the water with fishing gear.
A small dog runs from the dirt onto the street
An woman paints her toenails while sitting on the floor.
Man in tan shirt and brown pants looks down the fairway at the golf ball he just hit.
A boys soccer team coach talking to his team on a soccer field.
Two children, one in a red coat, one in a blue coat, are sitting by a lake.
An elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen.
A black and gray cat stands on a contracption while two big dogs stare at it.
A brown dogs walks near a green van and some junk.
A hiker is standing in before the mountain holding two walking sticks.
A female tennis player stands in a ready position.
Five men stand in a line in front of a red curtain.
Father and son smiling in the bed.
A grinning girl sits in a pink wheeled cart sliding down a green ramp.
An old woman taking pictures at an outdoor photography display.
The little girl is standing on a stage dressed up as a pink fairy.
Someone staring down at a mess on the ground.
A male hiker wearing a green jacket is posing next to a large glacier.
A man raises his arms on rocky beach.
A lone person standing on some rocks with large snowy mountains in the background.
A person poses in the snow.
Elderly people are sitting together at tables and talking.
Two men are standing together while one looks through binoculars.
A young man makes an astonished face as he turns to the cameraman just outside his kitchen.
Two black guys, that are on rival teams playing basketball.
Man reading a book in a barber shop at night.
Man in red headband climbing a rock
A man in a black shirt sits next to an old woman in a pink shirt on a train.
A toddler peeking into a front loader dryer.
A lot of people are gathered outdoors at night and eating food, with lots of bright lights.
Two girls walking on the street in shorts and sweatshirts.
Construction workers add cinder blocks to the top of a structure.
The lady and man pose for a picture.
A man is playing a 5 stringed electrical bass guitar.
A dog shakes off water
A white and brown dog rolls on its back in the sand.
Man putting up a tile in the ground.
The German shepherd dog is running through the snow.
Baby in playpen with wide eyes
The kid is wearing a blue jacket and standing in shallow beach water.
A girl sitting on top of a crocodile
The little girl is sleeping while hugging her blue bag.
A dog places his head on a man's face.
A little girl is playing in a puddle on a cold day.
An elderly woman crafts a design on a loom.
A little boy in a striped shirt is dropping rocks to make the water splash up at him.
Two men are smiling at each other.
Black male in white puma tank top and red shorts standing in doorway of red building
A person lies half under a car, face-down.
A young girl standing behind a star of David.
A man carving a pumpkin in his boxers.
A group of motorcyclists drive around a parking lot.
A person walks by some blue-green water while holding a rail.
An older man in a white shirt riding a motorcycle.
People stand outside watching motorcycles drive down a road.
Two girls jumping on a trampoline, one upright and the other landing on her back, in a backyard.
Two young men selling goods in a market.
A little boy with a green shirt is running on a rock ledge.
A orchestra band practices in a church.
A man and a child walk along the beach as a ball floats in the water.
A young woman looks happy in winter clothes while it snows.
People are sitting at long dining tables in a tent at some formal event.
A black dog bounds across the sand.
A group of men and women sitting on booths drinking out bottle and glasses.
Four women at a bar having a laugh.
This farmer cuts into his harvested fruit with a machete to sell in the market.
Man in a yellow usa shirt is sitting outside of a lobby entrance.
Large fluffy gray dog standing in grass in front of a brown dog.
Brown-haired male relaxing in an oak tree.
A woman in a red coat and brown hat and a man in a black leather coat walk by a street food vendor.
Two girls play on a skateboard in a courtyard.
A boy wearing black walks down the street with his hands in fists.
Three adults wearing cold weather gear.
A man in a green hat is taking a self portrait.
The woman and children are standing next to a statue of a cow.
Two men wearing work attire, stands next to an eighteen-wheeler, outside a large plant.
Two men, dresses in jackets and gloves, blowing leaves.
Two men stand near a piece of large machinery.
Hiker standing on top of a rock overlooking a town.
A lone hiker on a dirt hiking trail with a hat and sunglasses on with trees in the background
A man hikes on a dirt path high above a city.
One man wearing brown and red is playing golf indoors.
A brown dog is walking in the water.
A young girl holding a cake with candles dressed in a heavy coat.
Three black dogs swimming in dirty water
Man in a black bodysuit is surfing in the ocean.
Three women sitting on a bench waiting for the bus.
A dog with a newspaper in his mouth runs down a paved path.
A barefoot little boy sweeping a brick floor.
An man with a black ski cap and a red and white headband looks into the distance.
A man wearing sunglasses is playing the guitar.
Two men, without any shirts on, are playing table tennis
Two little girls are laying on the grass smiling.
A damaged vehicle is carried by a repair truck in a nighttime scene.
A older man in a Hawaiian shirt carrying a large bundle on his shoulders.
A young white man, wearing dark pants and a light colored t-shirt playing a french horn in a band.
People pose for a picture in the snow
Two men dressed up with fur around them with whole noses and hats and sunglasses on.
Looks to be a large gathering of people rapped in burgundy clothes.
A mustached man in a white shirt is at a stand that displays cigarettes and glass bottles of various sodas.
The rear end of an animal whose front end is underground.
A man in a parking lot next to a red truck putting a box into it.
A man and woman are drinking at a bar.
Woman and a man standing across street from each other at a crosswalk.
A man smiles in his blue and green kayak.
A little girl wearing a purple dress looks down at the camera.
A man in a yellow boat paddling down rough waters.
A man on a kayak coming down a raging waterfall
A group of people looking into their cameras
Small child in knit hat and coat holds a snow shovel in a snowdrift.
Two girls holding drinks and looking at something on a cellphone.
A boy is pulling a wild face whilst waving cooking implements in his hands.
A young child dances on a straw surface.
A red dog crouches in the snow.
A woman wearing a red skirt is walking beside a stone wall.
People milling around acting as if they are waiting for an answer from someone or something.
A medium sized child jumps off of a dusty bank over a creek.
A young black child stands on the edge of a body of water near buckets.
Seven people sit at table in metal fold-up chairs discuss topic.
The school children wore uniforms of white shirts and navy pants or skirts and yellow name tags.
A girl is holding a ball and pointing to a frisbee.
A man looks down as a child sleeps in his arms.
A portrait of a girl and young child.
Two boys playing cricket, one is throwing a orange ball.
A woman with a helmet riding a bike.
The black and white dog along with the brown dog are galloping outside
A black and white dog is jumping in the grass.
A mom is very happy to be holding her new baby.
A boy is playing cricket.
The man is wearing a scarf, jacket, and a furry hat on a snowy day.
A female standing in a doorway, smoking a cigarette.
An elderly woman is riding a bicycle in the city as a yellow taxi is about to pass by.
People walking down the street at a fair.
A black dog plays with a bit of ice by the frozen river.
A man cooks sausages dressed in typical chef clothing.
A boy in pajama pants jumps on a red couch.
Two children in identical outfits hang on a chain link fence.
Three children jumping into a pool with a palm tree in the middle.
A man looking out a window of a train.
A girl was sitting at a table trying to make a gingerbread house.
A large group of people are congregated outside.
Two smiling young men lying in a green papasan chair with a tan comforter over them.
Four people looking through a fence at something.
Two kids in coats posing with a snowman.
A young man in a blue shirt eats a hotdog.
A man with glasses just sat down and is ready to eat his burger.
Two men having a conversation in an outdoor public area.
A brown dog with a lease is running with a person behind the dog.
A group of people in a building.
Two women hug in a crowded room where people are having drinks.
A dog runs in the woods.
There are three men having a conversation at a social place.
A group of people hang out on the dock, drinking some beers.
A woman with long red-hair is standing in her white kitchen holding a sponge and smiling to the person taking the photograph.
A group of people in protective gear.
A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth.
A boy sits in the library, reading a book.
A man and a woman carrying bags are walking down the sidewalk.
Women fawning over their newborn child and toddler.
Two ladies walking on the sidewalk talking to each other.
A man in a white shirt looks on while at a street vendor.
A painter hanging on the side of a building painting, with two buckets strapped at his sides.
A woman has vegetables laid out on a display.
An East Asian woman sits in what appears to be a subway car as two businessmen stand before her.
A girl sitting on the ground is talking on a cellphone.
A man is eating something and walking down a sidewalk past a big red and yellow sign.
One canoe heading for another on a foggy riverbank.
A man is hiking on a mountaintop on a cloudy day.
A person walks among large, white geometric shaped architecture.
A man casting out a fishing line into a stream
A man standing by a red car with a small child peering out the window.
A hiker is shadowed by the time of day near an open and tree-lined body of water.
Two women in skirts walking along the street.
A woman very excited looking to the right.
A woman wearing black and gold looking to her side.
A person on a beach in a green hang glider.
Two police officers standing on a busy street corner.
Two little boys with brown hair and one with blond-hair.
An old man, with a gray beard, riding his bike
A tan dog chases a white dog through the leafy grass
A little girl is walking towards stairs where there is a pigeon.
An elderly woman is presenting a cake to a group of kids.
A black puppy chewing on a brown dog's neck
A man wearing a gown walking up to a canvas, spectators watching
A lovely lady is putting on makeup in the mirror.
A group of motorcyclists sit on their bikes on a street.
A man wearing a brown sport coat gives a talk to an audience.
A girl who is surrounded by other people is taking a picture at a concert.
A woman juggles her baby, purse, money and food from a market.
The woman is wearing a pink hat and is riding a bike in the park.
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.
A group of hikers, taking a short break.
One man watches as another man does a stunt on his bicycle.
A dark-skinned man is cycling in a street full of traffic.
A man skateboards down a steep railing next to some steps.
An Asian man in a black robe is holding up a small fan by a bush with smoke coming out of it.
A brown dog running in a yard.
Three racing dogs are running out of the starting gate on a track.
Some young men are playing basketball.
One person does a flip in the middle of the field while their friend takes a picture.
Two men prepare food while standing in the kitchen
A woman in a bright dress laughing.
A blond-haired boy and a brown-haired girl laugh together while eating.
Upstairs, in a cafe, one man is eating and, at a separate table, another speaks on a cellphone, while downstairs a man sits among cardboard boxes.
A group of people are congregating by a tree.
A woman dressed in black attire and orange scarf standing against the wall next to the map.
A little girl dressed in pink plays hopscotch.
A white dog with fake antlers on its head and a brown dog play together outdoors.
A person looks out of the window on the A bus.
A female with a black scarf and a helmet riding her bike.
A person in winter gear is riding a bike near an intersection.
A young girl jumps off of a couch and high into the air.
Two children, both in red jackets, are playing on the stairs outside.
Two old men are using jackhammers on the sidewalk while people walk by.
One man hands another man food from an outdoor vendor.
A blond woman dances on a sunny day.
A small tub sits in front of the statue.
A man with a dark green apron standing with his hands on his waist with a grill in the background.
Two mountain climbers are smiling on the mountainside.
A barefoot young boy glances at the camera while swinging in a park.
A lady and a guy are sitting down wrapping gifts.
A little girl in a blue and pink leotard is walking along a beam whilst a person's hand is stretched out to support her.
Two dogs play fighting on sand.
A male doctor takes measure of a woman's blood pressure.
Little boy pulling a green wagon wearing a sweatshirt and boots.
A man wearing a black shirt vacuums the grass.
A man is holding and feeding his two small children.
A group of Muslim men lined up praying in an urban area.
Two young children are walking down a tree lined path.
The riders and horses are taking a break and resting on the mountain trail.
There is a large skeleton behind a fence.
A large crowd and camera crew face a sports field.
A doctor consulting with a patient.
The sun is shining above the snow and trees.
A man and a woman are in the city smiling.
A small child is playing with a toy in front of a wall.
A small boy dances on the concrete surrounded by adults.
A lady in red is standing in the middle of the street between the cable car tracks.
Three dogs run across the track.
Here is a picture of a man who is working a construction job.
A worker man hanging from a stack of metal bars.
A man flies through the air as a young girl standing on a couch appears to bunch him in the stomach.
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.
A man is doing work on shingles on a roof.
People walking in a big puddle.
A brown dog and a black dog are together in tall grass.
Man in white shirt holding a snow shovel.
A man is sitting with a cup of coffee, reading a newspaper.
Two kids standing between two red cars.
Adults and children stand and play in front of steps near a wooded area.
A young family sits on steps enjoying the day
An asian man plays with his infant child in a modern apartment.
2 hikers are in the water trying to cross.
A brown and black dog is running along a grassy path wearing a red jacket.
A man pushes a boy on a zip line.
A group of young adult women sit in the floor knitting.
A man talks to a boy in a vacant area.
There are three men, who appear to be identical, sitting at a desk with the one on the end drinking from a coffee cup.
Three boys in a wooden-paneled room, one inspecting a bow.
There is a man laying on the ground with a red and white hat on his head.
Man leaning on desk listening to someone on phone.
An older man places a wooden crate on top of a stack of wooden crates.
A baby holds a game control above its head and laughs.
A child wearing a dark green coat carrying a toy in a toy store.
A little Asian boy crawls along on asphalt.
A black puppy wearing black collar sits on the grass and leaves.
A picture of two girls using yarn at night.
A crowd of people are walking, they are mostly dressed in white.
A little white baby is sitting in a suitcase.
A girl in a flower dress is running on sand.
A child pushing their younger sibling in a stroller.
A man lecturing a group of people in a medium sized room.
Two bird dogs competing for the kill.
The parachutist has a bird flying along with him.
A man in blue doing kung fu.
Three women conversing under an umbrella, with another woman sitting alone on a bench.
A group of workers building something.
A man is putting a turkey on a grill.
The parachutist is standing in a field near to his unfurled parachute.
The purple parachutes floats off the cliff toward the gray ocean below.
A man with black hair stares to his right.
A bald man with glasses is cutting into a turkey on the dinner table.
A man is preparing a meal on a kitchen counter with three bowls.
Two men are eager to enjoy a delicious turkey in a messy kitchen.
A man paddling in water.
A child plays a red toy guitar and sings into multicolored plastic microphone.
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain.
A large group of people in a red raft wearing red life jackets on the river
Chefs on a balcony take a break from work
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high
A man descends a snowy mountain.
A woman with short blond-hair holds her violin and bow.
A child is playing with a water spout outdoors while the rest of his family watches.
Person sitting in a chair selling goods outside of a building.
A large crowd of people are gathered in the street.
A boy in red baseball gear makes a pitch, in front of a trailer park.
A dog runs to catch a Frisbee on AstroTurf.
A faraway figure walks between trees with a light dusting of snow on them.
A tan dog and a little girl kiss.
Such a beautiful day for a solitary snorkeling expedition.
An old woman is weaving a fabric.
Four men (2 observing) with helmets are digging in the ground.
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
A brunette girl with glasses and a blond girl are talking outside on a field.
A female and two males in a classroom.
Woman who is wearing blue bikini bottom and blue sports bra is running on an athletic track.
The brown dog walks through the flowers.
A man in shorts is standing on a rock looking out at the view from the hilltop.
A person is walking up a snowy hill
A kid in orange plays with a ball of snow outside.
A man stands atop a rock while looking at a bicycle.
A bald man with colored tattoos on his arms stops in the forest with two dogs.
Some men are fixing something in the middle of a street.
A man in a striped shirt watches a subway car go by.
A tan dog is running through shallow water with a stick in its mouth.
A lot of people on the street in front of large buildings.
A boy in camouflage shorts and an orange shirt has his hat on backwards.
A white man in a yellow shirt that says "Glass Collector" is pulling very hard on a very large rope.
A child in green shoes staring down a drain.
A gymnast in a blue leotard is doing a handstand on the workout floor.
A little boy is standing on a peer next to a boat.
A woman derssed in a black sweater, gloves, hat, and a scarf sits on the beach near a boulder.
A silver statue of men on bikes.
A bride and someone from her wedding party, wearing a darker dress, are walking on the beach.
An oriental woman on a crowded street pointing.
A man in a hard hat stand on top of a pile of rubble.
A woman is sleeping while sitting on a park bench.
A woman in a purple dress is inspecting a large piece of fabric.
A guy pushes cart full of water in bags on the travelator.
A group of kids are standing on stage in front of an audience ready to perform.
A man makes pretzels in the kitchen.
Two men sitting on a railroad tie showing the camera something in his hand.
A man wearing yellow hi-viz is grasping a wooden board.
The woman stands in front of a rock pond and wears a red shirt.
A group of teenagers talk near a cement wall.
Two men in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a log in half.
Men having a tree carving contest.
Person in hooded sweatshirt that obscures their face sits next to a freshly cut log.
Group of girls having a study party.
Girl in a red coat, blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel.
A man is holding up a plastic jug indoors.
Four guys in a car with one in the middle seat turned backwards looking at the camera.
A brown dog playing with a tennis ball
A girl sings into a microphone while other girls watch her.
A pharmacist is at work filling prescriptions.
Two dachshunds run in the grass with a blue ball.
A guy and boy are riding on a skateboard together.
Three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background.
A smiling person wearing a jacket and boots jumps in a big puddle.
A person with a striped tube standing in the middle of a crowd of people.
A crowd gathered around a man carrying a red japanese mask.
A group of tourists aboard a small and colorful boat in the waters of a Southeast Asian country.
Four Asian people are canoeing in three canoes.
A group of people standing on the side of the road with an orange bus next to them.
People crowd a street in an Asian city.
Two guys installing tile in which is maybe a bathroom
The man is installing tile on the bathroom wall.
A crowd of men in uniforms consisting of blue tops and white pants are walking.
There are many people in the street.
A group of boys play flag football while some bystanders watch.
Several construction workers paving a parking lot.
Two shaggy yellow dogs playing in a rough manner.
A man observes antiques in a store.
A man is putting shaving cream on his beard while looking in a mirror as another man stands in the background.
A girl in a jumpsuit makes a snow angel.
Citizens enjoying a snowy day with reminder of summer in the background.
A attrative woman climbs over a fence.
Man in orange coat stood on a ladder inspects a huge metal container.
Two people with bicycle helmets chatting on a bench.
A man is sitting on a bench in front of some purple plants.
A choir singing to the congregation in church.
A shirtless man diving into a fenced, green pool while there is a forest behind him.
Man in white polo t-shirt with glasses plays a red guitar.
A girl in a green jacket is kneeling taking a picture of another girl standing up.
A group of children hold balloon animals.
Five hikers traverse a dry, scrubby plain towards snowy peaks in the background.
I think the construction work is going on here.
Two women in uniform stand on the side of the road as a woman in white cowboy boots walk by.
Passengers riding the rail through town.
Three women of different ages in white dresses sitting in a dusty clearing in front of trees.
A man with a hat is cooking barbecue.
A Dad and his boys are out as a family doing the family chores with their livestock.
A woman is holding a baby while another child stands by her side.
A boy with a blue hat points towards a bowl full of cork.
Preparing a fish dinner for the family.
A bicycle is parked in front of a shop that has a large orange sign.
A man wearing shorts and no shirt is squatting.
Three people walk on a rainy night down a street in China.
A woman wearing a pink shirt is using workout equipment.
A woman with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs.
A woman hanging onto the end of a raft.
People are sitting on step along the water and fishing.
Two men fillet a fish at a sink while others watch.
A man in a black shirt is rollerblading past a bench in the city.
A middle-aged man riding his black motorcycle through a neighborhood.
A man in a gray jacket and white shirt is leaning against a railing and talking to another man.
Baby sleeping in his car seat.
A group of children have fun in sack race.
Young children have fun while playing sack jumping in park.
A seasoned photographer snaps photo despite being weighed down by all his gear.
A man is parachuting next to a jet.
A young girl in a striped shirt holds an electronic noisemaker she built herself.
Someone is parachuting down and almost touching the ground.
A person in a parachute with a American flag attached to him.
A lady is inflating an Incredible Hulk toy.
A man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue hard hats.
A young woman with a blue helmet climbing up a rock.
A young boy in motion in front of potted plants and a beige wall.
A boy dribbles a basketball in the gymnasium.
The boy is holding a basketball on a wooden basketball court.
Six very colorful hot air balloons getting ready to fly.
Three people stand close to three multicolored hot air balloons.
A woman sitting in a park, talking on a cellphone.
Two men race around a dirt track on bicycles while a handful of onlookers watch from behind a fence.
Two dogs are playing with a toy outdoors.
Two young men play outside near a golden statue of Ghandi.
Three window washers in blue uniforms work on scaffolding.
A girl wearing blue and brown holding bags standing in the end of a tunnel.
Two people on a boat looking at the sunset.
A man dressed in black and white is using a sharp tool to cut wood.
Two Asian men in dark suits talking.
Two children in the bathroom, one stands while the other reads a book and uses the toilet.
An elderly man is outside carrying plants.
A young man is smoking a cigarette while holding a maroon guitar.
Elder man is working on a project in his home workshop.
A group of soldiers crouch over a fire pit with meat cooking on the grill.
A man walking into the shadows.
A little boy in a blue shirt kicking a soccer ball around.
A little boy playing soccer at the park.
Two men in bullet proof vests watch over a crowd by some white tents.
Shirtless man balancing on unfinished roof.
An Asian man lies on a tiled floor with two children, using old clothes for pillows.
Four women are working together to make food.
Two boys are harnessed to a tree and are swinging across a wire.
Heavy machinery in use at a factory.
A brindle-coated dog is growling at a jumping brown dog with purple collar inside a park enclosure.
A woman with a messenger bag is riding a bike.
Someone takes a cloth off of a Green Bay Packers football player.
A child taking a break from playing to eat an ice cream.
A boy swimming who is wearing goggles.
Boy with a blue towel and white hat holding goggles and a snokel.
Two boys are standing on sand next to an overturned chair.
A middle-aged man wearing a red hat is fishing.
Two men are hiking with a small child near to some interesting shape rock formations.
Social awkward girl looking outside a window onto the street outside.
A girl in white is swinging a sword.
A graduating student in robes speaks to a professor.
A child is pushed by a large wave while holding his yellow surfboard.
A dog drinking out of a water spigot.
A group of people jump into a lake in unison.
A man in khaki pants is standing on a trashcan and hugging a pole.
There are group of girls from different ethnicity doing children cheerleading moves in a gym on a mat.
Two men riding bikes on highway.
A young child is held above a man's head as her hair flies in the air.
3 people in a small hut or house.
A little old woman peaks out from behind the blue doorway and three pairs of plastic sandals.
A group of people are sitting in a circle enjoying themselves.
Two small asian boys are posing for camera in a green gated room.
People stand in a cluttered alley.
Two men kickbox in a ring, one man punching the other.
A group eating lunch on break.
A woman in an apron and white shirt stands behind a full buffet table, while a man is bent over behind her.
Two snorkelers are in a very blue sea swimming by an orange buoy.
A barber in a black shirt carefully cutting a young boy's hair.
A boy caches a fish while a girl points at the fish.
A chef working on a cooktop stove that is covered with pots and various utensils.
A man in a gray shirt is yawning.
Little boy watching baby as brother gets a henna tattoo.
Two people running on the shore of a beach
A long-haired man is playing the recorder and a seagull is sitting nearby on a wall.
A man and woman look upward on a city block.
A man is cleaning his yard with a leaf blower.
A man in a woman within a house happily socializing.
A man in a blue shirt is looking up at a child with a red striped shirt and blue jeans.
A man showering in a home outdoor shower facility.
An older woman smiling, in a blue coat, with her dog.
A woman is listening to the band on stage.
Several people watch a female rock band performing on a stage full of yellow banners.
A woman reaches into a box of candy while a man stands nearby.
A young boy in a blue shirt stands next to a woman sitting on the ground.
Bicyclists, a woman pushing a child in a stroller, and people sitting in a park.
Two toddlers are eating corndogs in a small wagon or bin.
People search for their seats in a stadium.
A woman is eating a salad in the stands at an arena event.
A man shaving neck with razor.
A dog is on a leash held by a woman in white shoes.
A little redheaded boy plays Whack Em!
Two children are playing with a soccer ball on grass.
The man in the orange shirt is giving a speech.
A man is walking down the street on an Autumn day, kicking leaves in the air.
It looks like choir practice in an older ornate church.
A man in a white coat cutting meat with a very sharp cleaver.
The women is holding a picture of a child laying on the ground.
A group of young men are wrestling and horsing around in a dirt pit.
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
A rock climber leans out from a crag against a deep blue sky.
A photographer is taking photos of flowers.
An elderly women buying shampoo and conditioner at a store.
A man is wrestling a bull while spectators watch.
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
A boy in blue and green pants lies against a wall.
People are having a conversation and a water bottle fell on the ground.
A group of people sitting on a deck.
Three men in white are painting the railing of the pier blue.
A brown dog in a canoe looks out over still waters.
A man in a hard hat is operating a digger.
Large earth moving equipment at work.
A baby with brown curly hair enjoying a drink.
A woman in a tank-top, cutting another woman's clothing.
Two women wearing gray t-shirts, one holding two brown paper bags, leaving a charted bus.
A street scene featuring oncoming traffic, including cars and motorbikes.
Two men in white shirts working in a old building.
A group of children in blue clothes stand by a gate.
A man with a cigarette in his mouth is riding a motorcycle.
Woman in a green top and blue jeans bowling.
A black and white dog wearing a harness licks a brunette wearing glasses.
A man with a blue mask reading a book.
A woman sits with her feet in a shallow pool and looks at a puppy.
A boy stands in water near a Frisbee.
A man in a blue shirt walks holding a young boy's hand outside in a garden.
A blond-haired woman walks a dog down the street in flip-flops.
Wet black and white dog with black nose shaking off water.
Two men are standing and one has a hose.
A father and his son cutting a cake during a dinner party held at their residence in texas.
Two men are using tools cutting into a green trailer.
A man plugging in a wire while holding a guitar.
A man wearing a shirt and tie at the top of an elevator shaft.
People in a dark room that has walls illuminated by green lights and one person is holding up their cellphone.
A young boy is playing in a stream bed
A boy with red-hair holds up an ice cream cone for an older man to sample.
People skating at a rollerskating rink.
A man stands near a street in a suit with a sign saying "Stop raping my wife!"
Coeds sit on a stone picnic table and eat lunch in the courtyard.
An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays.
A teenage boy performs a stunt on his skateboard in a skate park.
A man walking while holding the hand of a small child.
A man sings and plays a white guitar.
Two men dressed up before a big event.
A man is standing in water thinking about something.
A shirtless man wearing light blue shorts and a baseball cap stands at the front of a boat.
A fisherman has his foot caught in his net.
There is a group of children getting their picture taken with presents.
Two people with bikes standing in front of a building.
Four children are reading a recipe in a professional kitchen while the ingredients are laid out on the table.
Three men are building a roof.
A group of construction workers building a house.
A group of people in hard hats building a house.
A boy floats with the aid of a brown device in a body of water.
Men in colorful shirts show camaraderie after a bicycle race.
A man throwing a garbage man into a dumpster while another man holds the lid.
A young man in a colorful costume sings into a microphone.
A man wearing a green tank top and a white hat singing into a microphone.
A couple walking on a sidewalk along a strip mall.
A young man is taking a bag of trash to the dumpster, after picking up litter on the street.
Man in black carrying tattered cloth.
Two asian women are holding up a partially filled trash bag, smiling.
Men and women eating as one women is working on a computer.
A boy in a gray hooded sweatshirt is throwing away a bag of garbage into a green dumpster.
Two men packaging donuts in plastic wrap.
A man is throwing a blue frisbee at a frisbee golf target.
One guy about to throw a Frisbee.
A man with a visor and blue top has thrown a Frisbee off into the distance.
A girl and a boy are sitting next to each other in a vehicle.
A group of several teenage boys walking along the roadside with a garbage bag.
A man sits on a red cloth on the ground near a blue post.
A baby plays with food while sitting in a highchair.
A man in a black shirt and baseball cap picking up trash in an empty lot.
A man in a sweatshirt places a garbage bag over a mailbox.
Two men, one carrying a black garbage bag.
People are riding and rowing a boat near the coastline.
Two people sit in front of computers and a large dark window.
One girl is standing on the street, and the other is crouching looking at something on the ground.
Four men are walking on the street in a cold weather
A woman wearing a T-shirt, shorts, and sandals, is miniature golfing in front of flowers and a walkway.
Two gentlemen are in the middle of a computer class.
A newborn infant sleeps on his side after a long day.
A man in casual attire is giving a presentation.
Two dogs tug on a pink and orange ball from opposite ends.
A dog is shaking water off of itself.
A casual guy having a drink in a asian bar.
A group of young people sitting and talking.
A road is blocked and police are lined up around it.
A male child holding a ball standing on the sidewalk.
A man is standing under an arch near a Wendy's restaurant.
A red-haired woman talking on the phone while petting a brown and tan dog.
An elderly man is walking down the sidewalk wearing black shorts and a white shirt.
A man is speaking into a microphone.
A man in a floppy hat and bright yellow shorts is standing in mud.
A man in a white outfit is playing an electric keyboard.
Two men, both wearing bright yellow vests and jeans, are working on a roof.
A lady setting up multicolored balls in a contraption.
A small white dog climbs over a log.
Four boys jumping into an inground pool.
Three People shopping in an isle in a foreign grocery store.
Three people on stage singing and playing instruments.
A Houston baseball player has caught a ball and is now throwing the ball towards another team member.
A group of people having conversations at a restaurant.
Man cycles through diry bike path wearing white helmet and gloves
A happy, beautiful bride getting out of a luxury car.
Groom wearing black and gray tux and bride wearing a white dress are being sprinkled with flowers.
Kids and adults playing in shallow water in a city.
Three dogs running around in the grass with woods in the background
A retail professional pauses while interacting with customers.
Two children fall headfirst into a colorful ball pit while a third child watches.
A woman helping another woman out with a website on a computer.
A woman in black flips through pages of a book in a library as a girl in white wearing headphones smiles.
Two guys, in black shirts, smoking outside.
A male security officer stands at his post behind another man in a patterned sweater.
A man in a green shirt holds out a clipboard for a woman in pink's attention.
A woman is receiving help from the female behind the counter.
A woman with glasses is giving a presentation to two women sitting down.
A person on a bike has a white dog on a leash.
A woman mounts a ladder to paint the ceiling.
A mother cradles her school-aged son in her arms.
A dog on a beach dragging an item
A person rows a boat over a large body of water.
A guy reads a book while sitting in front of a piano.
A blond child is running down a field with his tongue sticking out.
As I overlook the city I pick up my guitar because of the inspiration.
A man in a tie plays guitar while a well dressed woman looks over sheet music, possibly to sing.
A young girl running down a street.
A woman in black with a tan suit jacket is standing at a podium speaking to an audience.
An older woman in a Burberry coat, eating.
A dog walks on a red plank by a blue railing.
The young children are petting a piglet
Small girl in red, white and black dress looks at large silver orbs.
A man is standing in front of a Prince St. Cafe.
Two women wearing what appears to be airline stewardess attire and sunglasses waving inside a building.
A climber is scaling a mountain cliff.
A man and a woman are posing for a photo beside a rack of clothes.
Two girls are laying in bed with two small dogs.
A couple in jeans strolls down a street that is adjacent to an area being blocked off with orange netting.
People walk around a crowded market street.
A woman shields her eyes from the sun as she walks on a city street.
A guy is singing into a microphone.
Woman and older man are walking side-by-side on treadmills in a fitness room.
A man, seated, serves food to a little girl.
A man wearing a black shirt and a little girl wearing an orange dress share a treat.
A man holding onto a small girl on a bike.
A young boy wearing a red shirt stands in the street with his arms open wide.
A woman in a green vest is taking a picture of a horse.
An elderly man pushes a cart with a loved one's memorial picture down the street.
Three girlfriends are sitting in a darkened theater.
Man in green shirt and cargo khakis standing next to a green jeep.
Four women sharing a meal are laughing together.
A gray dog explores a fallen tree in the woods.
A city street is being cleaned by a man in a green vehicle.
A woman is stirring the contents of a cooking pot.
Little train rides with the family.
Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.
An older gentleman looking down at his beer.
A boy does a cartwheel on a rock cliff.
A young man climbs a mountain, another follows below.
A woman is soldering a piece of metal as a man watches.
A black dog and a tan dog fighting.
A boy in a Renaissance Fair costume is standing by cars parked on grass.
A black and white dog runs in some leaves.
Two young girls are wearing bathing suits and standing under falling water.
Girl sitting in fire for a show
People standing in front of watermelons on side of the street.
A man is standing outside at a cafe.
Two men dressed in white shirts button down shirts, white hats, with blue scarves tied around their necks
Crowd shuffles past opening in old structure.
A group of people are standing in front of a train.
A young woman performs a balance beam routine in front of spectators.
A man in the background about to roll a die with army men and a die in the foreground
Indian ladies dancing in front of crowd
A man in a black shirt selling fruit at the market.
A woman giving a cup to an African American man.
A man is bent overlooking at something on a rocky beach.
A poor woman in a shawl is digging for rocks.
A man in a black suit and straw hat holds a tennis racket as if it were a guitar.
A male drummer and a female singer at a performance.
Two workers in their hard hats and safety vests stand near a yellow block of concrete.
Many people are walking through a crowded outdoor marketplace.
A woman in a blue outfit pulls a cat off the roof of a car.
Two long-haired little girls are sitting on a platform.
A black male leaning up against a wall with a water bottle.
Woman stands against wall filled with old advertisements wearing a short white shirt with jean jacket and skirt.
A black man wearing a blue shirt and some bling starring into the camera.
Two young men are standing on the sidewalk talking to each other.
A young man is texting while standing in front of a poster.
A man and woman wearing Mickey Mouse ears in a crowd.
A large, black dog with something in its mouth is coming out of a pool of water.
Men enjoying a sandwich at a street fair.
A little girl in a pink dress crying.
A blond woman wearing jeans is reading on a bench.
Two men standing in dark clothing at a bus stop, one is reading the newspaper.
A man is standing underneath a large bell.
A band performs on stage while the crowd raises their hands and clap.
Two men are filling out paperwork for a man in a red shirt who is behind the counter.
A tall man and a shorter man walking and talking, wearing the same sandals.
A woman selling flowers on the street corner.
A man in a black shirt is playing percussion on a set of empty five gallon buckets.
A woman sits next to a bucket of collected clams.
An older Asian man stands next to a large tub of rice.
A man in a green shirt smoothing wet concrete.
A man in a black cap and blue shirt is looking for gold.
Two men peering down from scaffolding.
Two dogs are running through water carrying a rope and red float in their mouths.
Girls are trying to hit the ball during a volleyball game.
A man drives a piece of farm equipment in a field.
Two men in blue uniforms and green workman vest.
Three men in safety vests work along a roadside.
A man in heavy windbreaker clothing walking through a field.
A man in a yellow vest is smoking and working in a field.
People with safety vests stand in a field with shovels.
Four kids, two girls and two boys going on an adventure in a canoe.
A man gives a boy high-fives outside a barber shop.
A man in a purple shirt riding a red bike.
People are standing or walking near railroad tracks.
A bird's eye view of four people standing in the middle of tall rocks.
A perspiring, tattooed man plays a guitar.
A small boy in a bathing suit walks over a drain grid while water is sprinkled on him.
A woman in black is taking photographs.
A group of volunteers working with children to do a toy drive outside of a toys r us for children in need.
The crowd at a game in LA takes their seats.
There is a man swinging off a rope swing into a lake.
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.
Two asian children sitting in chairs in the street on summer day.
The boy in red swimming trunks is jumping on the sand.
A group of people form a procession, several of them holding signs with photographs on them.
A young boy dressed in blue and white is kicking a soccer ball.
A group of young children, boys and girls, are playing a game of soccer.
A man wearing red pants about to reach the ground.
A pregnant lady is sitting at an outside restaurant table and caressing her stomach.
Two kids with yellow belts are dueling in a martial arts class.
Two little boys, from the waist up, in a martial arts match, one delivering a punch and the other blocking.
Many bicyclists racing along a dirt road.
Woman in white bikini top and blue shorts with body of water in the background.
Blond woman sitting on dock wearing a white dress.
A man walking across a crosswalk with long hair, a green hoodie, and a backpack.
Crowd gathers to listen to a band
A dog catches a Frisbee as it jumps on the grass.
A woman with heavy makeup is standing next to a red light sign.
A man driving a green jeep is crossing over large rocks.
Three men in a living room having a discussion.
A man and two young children play music for a group of onlookers.
Crowds of people dancing during a street festival.
The smiling woman in the red helmet is outdoors holding a very long rope.
A group of men are cleaning up debris
A blond-haired man dressed in dark colors sitting next to a woman dressed in green and wearing a black beret.
A young man in a tie, pushing his bike.
A man holding a walkie talkie in front of an open green box with controls in it.
Two men with bags run in the same direction.
People walk by the construction that is occurring in a city.
A woman and a child are walking on a leaf-lined sidewalk, heading towards two people riding horses.
A group of young men is buried up to their chest in sand.
Two guys on a beach holding a third guy by his arms and ankles.
A woman wearing glasses and a yellow shirt is holding her hand out.
A female looks on as a man restrains a young boy.
A girl, with face paint on, who is wearing a red shirt is painting an image.
A woman talking to a group of three other women.
A kid on the beach buried himself in sand with only his head exposed.
Five people, wearing dark blue shirts, give a presentation outdoors.
A woman looking in a telescope to look at something really small, most likely some sort of science lab.
Good Samaritan pulling an extremely drunken man out of the street onto the sidewalk to avoid him from being run over.
Visitors travel along a mountain path as they walk along a safety fence.
An old man in a white hat is napping at a fishing pier.
A small girl is on a baseball field where an older man is gesturing toward the crowd.
A person in uniform is standing and their shadow is being cast next to them.
A large group of people watching fire works together.
Two man, one in a baseball uniform are throwing a ball.
A man with a tattoo holding a mop near a video game store.
Young people sit on the rocks beside their recreational vehicle.
A man in a black coat and blue shirt is talking on his phone indoors.
A man in a yellow shirt is cutting his birthday cake.
A lady and a man kneeling down holding a string while another lady looks at them.
A man touches a painting on a wall.
A younger boy is at the dentist holding someone's hand.
Someone sitting on a yellow motorcycle.
Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.
A man is laughing while wearing a white shirt.
A woman in a red hat and dress sits alone on a park bench.
A man wearing a red costume stands near others.
A man in a brown coat is wearing a helmet and riding a bicycle while carrying two plastic bags.
A man cutting a piece of cake at an office party.
A little girl with blond-hair and blue eyes is wearing a sweater while she sits next to a warm fire.
The most amazing recreational activity outdoor camping.
A military man playing drums from America's Corp Fort Lewis, Washington while in a parade
A man with a red bowtie singing a solo with a full men's choir in the background.
A cat sits on a piano behind open sheet music and a glass lamp that is on.
Man cutting cake on a pink mat.
A group of people march in a parade on a sunny day guiding an Oscar the Grouch float.
Two men in white uniforms with black belts are competing in a martial arts tournament.
Four sports fans walking together with garbage bags on their heads that read C U B S.
A woman is painting a copy of a picture hanging on the wall.
A chinese man wearing a traditional Chinese rice hat carries a balanced load across his shoulder with the use of a long stick.
A dog with a harness and a toy its mouth.
A man is sitting at a laptop, while two men (one sitting, one standing up) face each other in the background.
A kid in a black shirt standing behind the counter at a store.
Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains.
A clown is smiling for a picture during a parade.
A child, carrying a closed blue umbrella, is walking with another child who is under a yellow umbrella, on a muddy path.
A waitress talking with a man at an outside cafe.
Three people walking on a trail in the middle of the day.
A group of DHL employees pose in the parking lot for a photograph.
A woman wears a devil costume and poses in front of a fountain.
A female cheerleader in a shiney blue cheerleaders outfit leaps across stage while performing.
A woman wearing a red cloth on her head passes in front of a blue shack while as she walks down the street.
An old man with a mustache is sitting down holding a gun and smiling.
A man driving down the street in an old fashioned fire engine waves at onlookers during a parade.
A child stands alone holding a red balloon looking into a dark interior.
A woman carrying a mannequin is walking down the sidewalk and talking on a mobile phone.
A very happy singer in an extravagant outfit.
An older gentleman, wearing a t-shirt and shorts, is flipping burgers on a large stainless steel gas grill.
A person at a table, dressed in a black costume.
A man that is wearing a gray military shirt with medals and a light blue cap with gold on it is waving his arm.
Black dogs jump in pool to a hand.
Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.
A girl in a jacket on a bed.
Two females, one wearing blue the other black, smiling and laughing
A woman in a black blouse playing a card game.
A masked man in a Halloween mask looks on at a woman.
A man on a truck decorated with flags and bunting.
A Veteran's Parade with three of the flag bearers presenting their flags.
An elderly man, wearing a white hat, is sweeping a parking lot.
Woman in blue jacket and woman in denim outfit with a group on a mountain.
Two children are playing a game near a stage area.
Two males are sitting on a dock, one of which is playing guitar, and another two are standing in front of them.
A man gets air time on his wakeboard.
Two dogs are running next to each other on the grass.
A child dressed like a pirate smiles.
Black dog with a red collar is climbing over fence posts.
Men are sitting on stairs as a woman walks by.
A child in a striped shirt gleefully plays among some water fountains.
Man wearing headscarf grasping a tree in the jungle.
A woman in a green sweater is sitting down with a tennis racket about to hit a tennis ball.
The little boy has a butterfly on his dirt-laden hands.
Two dogs on leashes straining toward each other while their owners walk away from each other.
A girl in a red shirt is outside crying.
A group of children play in the street where water is sprayed.
A young girl is swinging in a backyard.
A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.
A group of girls is sitting in the dance studio.
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
The Happy bride and groom waited for the photographer to take their picture.
The dog swims through the water toward the waterfall.
A man is hanging from the edge of a rock while two others catch him.
A group of men are dressed in old military costumes, carrying instruments as if in a parade.
Two workers in orange vests perform their job.
A large campfire at night with several people sitting around it.
A blond lady with sunglasses smiles.
A boy is holding onto and running along with a merry-go-round.
A young boy showing off while walking his white dog in a neighborhood.
A fully dressed young woman runs a pole down into a swimming pool.
A man sitting down reading in the subway station.
A man in a purple getting his haircut with a giant blow dryer faced towards him.
A curious child is seen enjoying a projector.
The legs and mid-sections of two people with skateboards.
People walk down a city street past a record store.
A man in a blue shirt wearing glasses uses a thin paintbrush to paint on a large canvas.
The lady is wearing a blue fire department shirt.
A woman is cutting another woman's hair as she smiles at the camera.
The lady in the black shirt is fixing the other lady's hair.
A woman with a red cape is getting her haircut.
Three men are together, two sitting and one standing.
A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.
A caucasian man wearing a black t-shirt is holding up two sticks.
Two girls in matching pink and white dresses and two smaller boys in matching black and white shirts.
A small brown dog is playing with a fuzzy slipper.
A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.
There is a big yellow backhoe in the middle of the street.
A Toyota truck is parked outside a busy store being renovated.
A man stares at another man observing his shaving technique.
A brown dog is running towards three other dogs.
Wet girl in yellow swimsuit looks over cliff to a swimmer in the water.
Three boys play around a fountain in an office building courtyard.
Several people walking down a flight of stone stairs during the day.
A group of people hold on as they ride on public transportation.
The brown dog catches a ball in the air.
A group of people are walking around a crowded area with dirt on the ground.
Kids playing basketball in an old court.
An orange cat with black stripes on a beach.
A man in a purple shirt, surrounded by people.
A boy in a swimsuit walking in the sand towards the water
A group of people looking at a little baby with blond-hair.
A man holds on to a handle in the water.
A child sliding face first down a metal tube
An asian woman in a pink sweater holding incense sticks.
A lady and a toddler stare at themselves in a mirror.
A runner is being handed a water bottle from a woman in a teal jacket holding an umbrella.
The hikers are climbing up the mountains.
Two hockey players stand and compete for the puck while a goalie crouches in front of the net.
Two small children climbing the steps onto a plane.
Three people are looking at the ground near a table and several chairs.
A family is lounging on their porch.
Young women wearing a brown two piece swimsuit building a sand castle on a beach.
Three people walk past a man playing a flute on the sidewalk.
A man in a yellow hat holds a colorful blow-up hammer.
A man plays steel drums near the water as people pass by.
A team of dogs, and a woman following on a bike.
Little girl in a blue dress uses a pink hula-hoop.
A man is walking two poodles on leashes in a city.
A man in a suit passing by a record shop.
A little girl in a blue coat is rocking on a red playground toy.
Children dressed in Halloween costumes are enjoying a performance.
Two old men sit next to a young Asian woman in strange looking chairs.
The man in the striped shirt is taking a picture of the other man in gray.
Three men in camouflage clothing and another man in a hat and red shirt and blue shorts standing in front of a building.
Men with bagpipes and kilts stand around in a circle.
A young child being hugged by a woman with light brown hair.
A little girl poses on her bike with her dog in the woods.
3 children wearing hats playing on a horse
Asian children playing by a rail.
A man in a white shirt and black pants stands with his left hand on top of his head.
A guy is kayaking through some rapids.
Two ladies are crossing a street right in front of a restaurant.
A woman waiting by the train tracks.
Three kids play on a dirt path in nature.
Two kids in a toy car at a gas station.
The lady ask the dog to give her the ball on their beach walk.
Customers standing in line at a food court.
A female walking wearing a string bikini towards a man in a striped shirt.
A woman in a pink bikini next to a man in brown.
Two men in light colored shirts and dark pants sit on a balcony conversing as a lone car passes below.
Three men enjoying a good laugh.
The picture is of a woman competing in a race doing the backstroke.
The man waves to his family from atop the bridge.
A man wearing a suit stands on the street with his right hand outstretched.
Two men wearing coats and holding guns carrying a dead rabbit.
Mexican women in decorative white dresses perform a dance as part of a parade.
Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.
Three men are set up outside in front of a building, each playing an instrument.
Two dogs playing on grass.
A small boy wearing blue balances as he walks on a large rock.
Man in suit takes a nap in the park.
Two girls are walking along the street and talking.
Two individuals intertwined along a cement walkway.
Two men wearing black vests and white shirts and a girl are holding bottles of beer.
A street performer with a guitar.
A lady wearing a ball cap learns to weave cloth from a lady instructor.
An antelope runs through tall brown grass.
A woman in a dark blue T-shirt is weaving a striped piece of material.
A man wearing a black shirt and jeans is bowling with a ball and 9 spray cans.
An woman sits on a gray bench in front of a concrete wall with graffiti.
A crowd is watching a dog climb up a staircase.
A man with a microphone reads from a piece of paper as he stands in front of two men holding tubas.
A child on a fake horse ride.
A black and white dog plays in the water.
A boy running on the sidewalk in front of a blue building.
Two boys are standing in the middle of the street, the one with black shorts is standing back clapping his hands together while the other on in gray is running forward.
Three boys playing soccer.
Two soccer team on a soccer field with the referee.
A bongo player wearing a red shirt playing in a band.
An elderly woman wearing a bathing suit is holding a picket sign while participating in a demonstration about immigration.
A man in a purple jacket has an expression on his face.
A young person with a Mohawk and a nose piercing in a plaid shirt.
A brown and white dog trotting down the road in autumn.
A man at work is doing a small welding job with a soldering tool.
The store was open even though a man was working on the building.
A young woman in a green blouse holding a plastic bag standing on the subway.
Five adults are sitting on stone steps.
A child sleeps on a couch with his mouth open and his hand draped across his chest.
Physically challenged person sitting on his wheelchair in a park.
There is a group of people and a black dog in a living and dining room, some sleeping some eating.
A group of people are working on a sand sculpture.
A woman wearing a babushka is sitting and sleeping inside a flower shop.
Two women with brown hair talk.
Two men having a conversation about business over beers.
A young boy is sitting on the grass.
A mother stands in a kitchen holding a small baby.
Two women walking by a store and looking in.
Workers in reflective clothing with shovels on a train track.
Two woman playing around and smiling.
A construction worker does some grinding on a piece of iron.
Construction workers fixing railroad track.
While seated on a chair, a man wearing a blue shirt, gray pants, multicolored bandanna, and no shoes is blowing through a long tube.
Two people are carrying a basket filled with food down the alleyway.
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a dress having a conversation while drinking.
A man playing guitar and singing outdoors.
A few tourists taking pictures of their dogs with the cloudy sky as the background.
A girl with a pink shirt is running through flowery grass.
Man in black shirt hugging woman in white shirt, gray skirt.
A artist painting the wall covered in bamboo.
A white male entertainer on the street wearing a black shirt and blue hat with a yellow stripe.
A man and woman are washing dirty dishes inside a kitchen.
A young baby wearing green is playing with the vacuum hose on the floor.
A lively adult karate practice at the dojo.
A man in a red shirt and a woman in a colorful shirt and sitting outside.
A young man is standing in the kitchen holding a large casserole dish.
A woman in a blue, tan and beige striped shirt is smoking.
A man in a yellow shirt is sawing some plywood.
A man and a woman enjoy a nice meal at an outdoor restaurant.
A man and a boy are tasting fruit.
A boy and a middle-aged woman are walking out from a crowd outside.
A little girl gets in to a pool.
Bum listening to the radio by a light post near the beach.
A man pushes a child on a toy train set.
A group of adults and children are at an amusement park watching over a railing.
A man in a red shirt plays an electric guitar.
Two men in black coats stand by the side of a building.
Two men are waiting on the street corner though it is raining.
A female biker dressed in red uses a communication device while another walks by.
Two women float in a Busch Gardens barrel through a winding water ride.
A person with a multicolored hat stands just behind a mosaic featuring Spanish words and in front of a grassy hill.
A blond man passionately sings into the microphone.
Traffic cop directing traffic in front of a car with ohio plates on it.
The music concert is just started at the Giant stadium
A couple stands at the top of the stairs and two people stand at the bottom.
A construction worker building walls with a drill.
Two people sitting, facing away, with dreadlocks.
Group of participants walk behind float in Asian parade.
A black dog leaps out of the water.
Young man peeling lemon with a knife into a red basket.
In this distorted photo a man is shown on a dirt path with a jumping dog.
A man plays his guitar on the beach.
A fisherman fishes at the bank of a foggy river.
A woman sits in rocks by the ocean.
People at a dock receiving and shipping out merchandise near a nice big white boat.
Two young boys playing checkers in a room.
A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.
A child with and adult hand.
A man wearing a red life jacket is water-skiing across a bay.
Person in red ski jacket skiing backwards
A man wearing a red life vest waves as he waterskiis.
A man pushes a four wheeled card down the street.
Construction workers in yellow and orange work on a city street.
Man in white shirt and tan pants is putting new shingles on roof.
Four elderly women sit and speak on a park bench.
A boy is kicking a ball as other children watch him.
Two people in rafting gear standing on a dry, rocky riverbank, pointing at the river.
A man picking up a big rock.
Crouching Man in all white shirt and pants is working with a large loom.
Young boys bringing home some fruit.
A man in a black shirt and glasses is slicing a tomato at a kitchen table.
Seven people sitting around a black table playing a card game.
A dog walking along a cracked and ashen surface.
A man drilling a hole into a metal canister.
A younger child wearing a red sweater showing us whats in his hand.
A little boy shakes the snow off of a tree.
Many people are standing on a bus with bright yellow overhead handles.
Three dogs are running through a grassy field.
A brown dog faces a black dog and a white dog in a field of long grass.
A man holding a camera underwater.
A man in a blue shirt is standing in a doorway.
An older workman is standing in wet cement with a trowel.
A man is standing next to a red door.
Two nurses sitting on a bench waiting for a bus.
2 men painting a wooden bench outside.
A person reading something is sitting under the tree.
A woman in a pink jacket is walking past a display window with a red dress in an urban setting.
Three women chat while sitting in a waiting area.
Young children and adults walk around platform 9 next to the train.
People walking on a sidewalk past a parked train.
The little boy in the red shirt put his head out of the window of the train.
A man and child posing in front of a train.
A group of people are riding on a train while looking out of a window.
There is a group of small children some wearing backpacks sitting on a hill.
A group of people are riding on a John Deere tractor in a field.
A fisherman works on his net while on shore.
A large group of people are walking for a cause.
A group of people competing in the Race for a Cure.
A man and a woman walk through the street during a parade.
Man taking a picture in a crowd of people.
A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.
A many dressed in army gear walks on the crash walking a brown dog.
Beautiful woman dancing on a parade float holding a little boy.
Two young girls are riding red tricycles.
A male is standing on a base pitching a ball.
A policeman is shown working a block party.
Two men working outside cleaning the street in their orange uniforms.
A small girl slides down a spiral slide at the playground.
Several motorcycles are parked on one parking space.
A married couple is sitting in a vehicle.
A line of people going through an arid region past a sign, the people are either walking or riding animals.
A street performer with a white face watches people walk by.
A beautiful long-haired blond girl dressed in a blue and green bikini walking down a street
A bicyclist and a man in a suit are sitting near a fountain talking on cellphones.
A group of people wearing blue shirts, standing in the grass.
A boy looks down and spreads his arms wide
Asian man in suit and glasses takes a nap by the doors in a subway.
A group of people working at a conference table, in an office.
An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.
The passengers on the bus are bored.
One boy is trying to kiss another in a school lunch room.
A woman works a project with thread in hand.
A woman seated at a table is knitting and watching a hockey game on tv.
An Asian woman rides a bicycle in front of two cars.
A goalie attempts to block a puck hit by a player at an ice hockey game.
A group of people standing around two men sitting wearing turbans.
A man sits on the sidewalk in front of an Asian restaurant as people pass.
A woman waiting on a sidewalk for something.
A dog is running through high grass with a woman wearing red in the background.
Two dogs are running through the surf.
A man wearing a green jacket and knit hat is sorting tomatoes at an outdoor market.
Man in flowery costume and hat performs with hula-hoop in city street.
A man in a tattered shirt and pants, sitting on a chair and weaving something.
A man in purple, white, and yellow on stilts.
A group of children running in the grass.
Woman and small black dog walking across pavement
A man in a red coat is driving a vehicle.
Two men are chopping down weeds in their yard.
A group of seven people are eating at a table draped in a black tablecloth.
A toddler girl in a swing is laughing.
A child is looking up at an adult while sitting in a stroller on a city sidewalk.
A man is intently observing a slide through a microscope.
The boy hits the blue and white soccer ball with his knee.
Two men sitting on a bench between two trees overlooking an Autumn landscape.
A dog, lying down, tethered to the side mirror of a yellow VW bus.
A man reading a newspaper in a train.
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall.
A white dog watching a black dog in the air.
A smiling man in a white shirt is grilling on an open grill.
A school boy, with a backpack on, jumping off a wall.
An adult woman and a young male child walking along a pier, holding an umbrella, while it's raining.
A woman touching a man's face on a wall after they took a break from riding motorcycles.
A young white man with a short beard rocks out on his guitar.
Baby wearing an orange shirt and matching headband with a wide smile.
A man and a woman are looking at the view on a stairway by the sea.
A man fishing from the shore in the winter time.
A man with a white jacket is holding a black book.
Young adults have barbecue in the park.
A dog jumps and catches a Frisbee in the grass.
A man stands near a Christian sign, as a public train passes behind him.
A middle-aged woman attired in a red skirt, brown blouse engaged in making pottery.
A man preparing to repel down a mountain.
A man is videotaping another man who is beginning to climb up a metal structure.
A man drilling a hole into a pumpkin.
The man in a blue shirt, wearing a helmet, is readying to climb.
A bald man in a white shirt drinks a glass of beer.
Two men in a bar making funny faces while holding a drink with their right hand.
Crowd of people climbing stairs to a platform.
A man wearing a brown jacket stands among a group of men in front of a large machine.
A collie runs down a slide.
A family and friends sit to eat at a table filled with many bowls of great food.
A person with tattoos on their arm wearing a motorcycle helmet.
A group of race buggies travel down a racetrack.
Man uses inflatable toy to play a lawn game.
Two oriental lizards are fighting for dominance in a small pond
Three men walk outside of a white building.
A motorcyclist with a red helmet rides his blue motorcycle down the road.
Four campers enjoy an evening around a wood fire.
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
A motorcycle driver dressed in orange gear swerves to the right.
Man with long dark hair and mustache walks down the street in shorts and cowboy hat.
A man selling colorfully patterned rugs enjoys a drink from a coffee cup on a sunny day.
A dog jumping through a black and white hoop.
Three women, dressed for a formal occasion, take a moment to smile.
A woman is running on the beach.
Ethnic people visiting picking fresh food to buy.
Two dogs play in the grass.
A dog sniffs a newly cut tree trunk.
A woman is carrying a basket on her head away from the water.
A man with long hair and a blue shirt is sitting outside with his guitar case open, laughing as a young girl sits and watches.
Young boy in baseball uniform kneeling to catch a ball on a baseball field.
A woman with a white visor and blue top and white pants eating while standing in a crowd.
An adult helps a young child fix her goggles.
People are walking through a snow covered field with a mountain the background.
Very many skiers are gathered at a ski location.
Two women bent down working in the field with trees in the background.
People sit in an auditorium with programs.
A boy is standing next to a car in front of a clothesline.
Three children are sitting around a table reading books.
A man and a woman having drinks and fun in a local nightclub in the city of Angeles.
A man standing before a gate inside a hill.
Three seated people eating and drinking near trees, with three people standing in the background.
A man is helping a small child get on a train.
Pedestrians and cars make their way through Times Square in New York.
This is the image of two Asian men squatting near a mop-pad.
A girl in pink stands in front of a Mud coffee truck.
Two children by a tree near some water.
A small street with a few people walking down it.
A woman laughing in a bar.
Three women in gypsy skirts stand around the Parking area for the Notre Dame in France.
A man is holding a standing woman's foot with both his hands.
A man in a green hat is bent over his DJ equipment plugging in a microphone
Two Asian males smile while celebrating a birthday with a layered chocolate cake with a sparkling candle.
A woman on stage holding a microphone standing by a man.
People are holding signs and marching.
Two men work together to interview a seated man in a large theater.
Two men in black shirts are conversing around a video camera.
Two men share a conversation in the middle of a park, behind a short fence.
Girl headbutting a soccer ball during a game.
A brown dog is leaping into the air to catch a ball.
A dog about to jump to catch a Frisbee
An older man with a "slow" sign smiles at the camera.
A woman and a man enjoying his drink on party night.
Two men in hiking boots strike martial arts poses.
Four soldiers are walking, and talking to each other while holding weapons.
A little girl sits on top of a pumpkin in front of an arrangement of vivid flowers outside.
A brown dog trotting across a grassy, fenced-in yard.
A kid with Green shoes, red shorts, and a blue hat and shirt stands on a stretch of pavement.
This is baby, dressed in blue, standing barefoot on a stone.
A man in a swimming pool holds a smiling boy in a flotation device.
A girl on a beach with rainbow flags.
A worker wearing a bright vest and black clothes is picking up trash on the ground while people cross the street behind him.
A spotted dog jumps over a muddy creek.
A mid sized mixed gender choir sings while the director motions to keep beat.
People are signing in a church.
A choir is standing up on a podium singing a song.
Two street artists are performing on steps for a group of spectators.
A woman in a blue shirt and black pants walks down a road.
Woman sings at a club under bright lights
A man holds a guitar on a busy street while people look on.
One man sings while another plays guitar during a stage show.
A woman is leaning on the chair and playing the electric guitar.
A motorcycle driver swerves to the left.
A man in a hat with a green scooter is standing by the water in a park.
A man stands upon his charcoal grill.
Two men are pushing a truck that has a picture of a woman on it.
A group of people protesting by selling humans.
Group of people seated at red chair and tables.
Two people pose for the camera.
Two men with tool belts are fastening a sign to a building.
Blond woman smoking a cigarette by her shopping bags.
A man's hands holding a piece of metal on a grinding wheel.
A man is working in a shop with donuts.
A construction worker holds up a stop sign to flag down traffic.
A woman handing a small child wearing a red shirt an item from a shopping basket.
A young girl runs on a beach behind a young woman sitting and play her guitar.
People in costume standing around a tree in a forest.
A little girl in a red dress is standing on a trail in the forest with a horse in the background.
The scene of an accident where a bus hit a biker.
A toddler boy examines a pair of blue jeans, with an adult in the background.
A man sits on a sailboat with the sun setting behind him.
Three women wearing black is next to each other on a train.
A car is partially submerged in a lake.
A couple sit on the hood of a car with their backs to the camera.
A woman wearing antiquated clothing including many pearls.
The musician in the brown coat is walking in his tennis shoes.
A black woman is walking towards a woman wearing a yellow hat.
A lady wearing a black shirt talking on her cellphone while walking down a road.
A young man skateboarding in front of the ocean.
Two football players become entangled while they are both going for the ball.
A group of people is doing a project for a volunteer organization.
A man in a baseball cap is playing a shooting game in an arcade with a friend.
A crowd is enjoying themselves at the beach.
Several people walk up and down a set of stairs in an alleyway with graffiti painted on the walls
A man walking with a tub of something on his head.
A person with a variety of different wares standing amongst several others on a dirt road.
A woman sitting in a laundromat looking at the camera.
A girl with black hair and braces is wearing sunglasses and posing with a wooden robot.
Two people are wearing helmets that have candles on top.
Lots of people playing a water shooter carnival game.
A brown dog playing in mud.
An Asian women in a yellow shirt looking at postcards while at the register.
Guy rides a large brown bull.
A dog is resting in a grassy field
One dog is jumping at the lady while the other walks away.
A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.
A woman walks by a river across city buildings.
Two women in white dresses walk past an advertisement with two golfers on it.
Five men at a restaurant posing for a picture.
A man wearing a blue shirt and red hat riding on the back of a cart filled with hay and pulled by a white horse.
A boy is fixing the wheel of his bike.
A young boy in a blue jacket pulls something black out of a fabric bag.
A little boy trying to climb up.
Two Asian women and a young Asian girl with a tricycle are standing outside in the shade.
Several young women walking along a beautiful hallway
A man is a green shirt stirs a bowl of mix near a stove with two frying pans.
Few people hitch a ride on the back of a garbage truck.
A young Asian man studying with a pencil and a dictionary while drinking a cola.
A man in cowboy boots, briefs and holding a guitar, holds a woman's arm.
A blond female child spreads Nesquik powder onto a table.
A group of school children walk up a country path in autumn.
A boy with no shirt and a volleyball in his hand.
A young boy is swimming in a pool.
A young boy plays on a playground piece shaped like a seahorse.
A couple holding hands stop to look at something.
A person setting up a tent beside a few other tents on the snowy ground.
You have to answer this to your boss.
A dog tries to catch a snowball in its mouth.
A guy in a suit playing bagpipes next to a girl wearing teal clothing.
Preteen girl with blond-hair plays with bubbles near a vendor stall in a mall courtyard.
A boy holds a red bucket up to a pony.
A man is wearing an apron, standing in the kitchen holding a plate.
A young boy crawls with a toddler.
A group of young people are sitting outside listening a guitar and violin being played.
Boy in bubble bath, yelling or singing into scrubbing brush.
A man is reading off a sheet of paper to a crowd while another man in white stands beside him.
Man standing on edge of large rock overlooking scenic view.
A bald man wearing a blue shirt eating ribs at a table outside.
A woman performing by singing a song.
Man in a top hat, playing his accordion on the sidewalk by a street
A blond girl opening a green wrapped package.
A group of people sitting on concrete steps at a neighborhood basketball court.
Several men, all wearing red, tugging on a rope.
A woman and her daughter measuring themselves against a giant ruler at "Washington Farms".
A woman in sweatpants is standing by the toilets.
The picture is of a downtown area with people crossing the street, and walking on the sidewalk.
A large crowd plays in and around a fountain.
A young boy and girl playing baseball in a grassy field.
A man and a woman are outside a car that is filled with items.
A group of woman walking with purses on their shoulders.
A guy pointing at a giant Blackberry.
A guy in a hard hat working on some machines.
A rock climber in a red helmet looks down the cliff.
A man in checkered pants black jacket and a checkered hat is holding a waiters tray.
A boy jumps from the top of a blue plastic slide.
A large group of people in red soldier jackets are standing in lines outside.
Three swimmers are swimming or racing in separate lanes.
A girl with arms raised in sliding down a red and white slide.
Three boys play tag on the beach.
Asian children dressed in red and yellow, and wearing black knee pads, rollerskate outdoors over vast, shiny tile.
A girls climbs on a jungle gym.
A young man in a blue shirt has his arm around a young woman in a red jacket.
A man dressed in a shiny astronaut suit poses for a photographer on a city sidewalk.
A small boy is placing items from a cart onto the check out.
Multiple people do a synchronized dance involving jumping.
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.
Two dogs and a puppy.
Three people on a train holding playing cards, smiling.
There is a woman sitting at a table by the kitchen.
Two gray dogs and a black dog playing in a pond under an overpass.
A woman opening a gift around her friends.
A woman in a white shirt and pink pants is standing behind a table laid out with cake, strawberries and punch.
A small child taking a picture with a camera on a tripod.
A boy in a red hat is taking pictures with his camera.
A man in glasses is grilling wieners and meat patties on a grill.
A little girl sitting on the floor holding a guitar handles.
A little white dog begs.
A girl plays with a necklace as the sun shines behind her.
Two men are building something together.
A man wearing an Alaska sweatshirt and a baseball cap is buying lottery tickets.
A man wearing blue pants is bending over to pick up something from the ground
A man has fallen asleep while reading The Da Vinci Code.
A little girl is playing in the hay.
Some people are jogging on an outdoor track in the dark.
A shirtless man making a meal while camping on the beach.
A man with a canoe is on the beach with a tent set up.
Man kicking football off tee in t-shirt and shorts
Two men handle a gray dog with a blue knotted rope in its mouth.
A few baby's in strollers wondering lots of things.
Two competitors, one of which is in the US Air Force, wrestling.
Two men with shaved heads, both wearing white shirts are practicing underwater diving.
A band, comprised of two men and a woman play for a group of people.
A little girl in a swing laughs.
Two older men, in a white room, play with a marble sculpture.
Daredevils enjoy mountain boarding down the ravine.
A young boy standing on a swing in front of a blue slide.
A young boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride.
Parents teaching a young child how to ice skate.
A crowd is standing in the street.
A man repairing a bicycle tire while his customer asks him questions.
A man, in a black sweater, fishing.
A man is playing a violin outside on a sidewalk.
There are three people wearing robes, two of whom are playing wind instruments.
An older man sitting against a call with a guitar in his hands.
A small child sleeps while holding a stuffed animal.
A man with a strange helmet is sitting on top of a blue motorcycle.
Girl with sunglasses and shoppers in a trinket shop.
The brown and white dog nips at the yellow dog.
A girl is sitting on the beach and staring at the ocean.
A man wearing a blue shirt, a blue hat, and an apron is standing outside the Candy Cafe on a sunny day.
A boy is oddly attentive to shoes.
A man is looking into the mirror and shaving while a woman is taking a picture of him.
A man working on a window of the old building.
A skinny brown dog walks across a large piece of fallen tree.
People in Asian garb are walking in a parade.
A young boy tries picking up a pumpkin by its stem in a pumpkin patch.
A child wearing a cowboy hat running toward another child.
Two para gliders are practicing their craft in an open field.
A couple talks to a man sitting with a hammer dulcimer.
Toddler siting in a swing at the park with a yellow sippy cup.
A dog is running in a field.
A woman brushes dust and dirt off a possible find.
A female child with a towel next to a sink.
A boy lays down with an orange ball in front of a row of blue cars.
Men dressed in drag outside a store.
Two boys are kicking a ball to each other in the park.
Three people are playing in snow covered city streets.
One African American man is looking through a microscope and there is a poster that says blood cells hanging on the wall.
A woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
A group of fans at a stadium are wearing red and cheering.
A family is hiking across a rocky landscape.
A group of college students gathering in the community center.
A child, wearing green, is bouncing on the trampoline.
Two people hold their hands together over a third, in front of a lighted stage.
Four people in front of wells fargo.
A skateboarder wearing black jeans, white t-shirt and red ball cap coming off the lip of a ramp and suspended in the air.
A band playing on a street as onlookers watch
Two men trying to scrape the cement from the floor to level it.
Two children are looking at something exciting that an adult is showing them.
A man with work gloves and tool belt climbs the scaffolding next to an old yellow and white building.
A man is standing on red scaffolding.
A group of people are standing and conversing inside of a building.
A man with a smile sitting on the floor fixing his bicycle.
An older woman with a kerchief and a cane stands in a slushy cobblestone street.
A dog and a dust storm.
A toddler runs toward the camera at a park.
Boy wearing a red jacket performs a handstand on the grass.
A man wearing an orange safety vest and a hard hat is operating construction equipment.
A young girls makes a silly face for the camera.
A young girl with curly hair with a white shirt with a skull and bones picture on it.
A child asleep in a car with the window open
A mailman in his truck whom is in front of a gate.
Some construction workers are on a platform doing work to a building.
A man sits on a bridge by a river, playing the accordion.
Person reading out of a book to a roomful of people.
A very large group of people stand outdoors under the beautiful clouds.
Two hikers rest on a snow-covered mountain.
A woman and young girl hang clothes on the line.
A teacher showing her students something on a projector screen.
A man in a black shirt and red shorts is sitting on the shore of a lake.
Some people are standing alone on the beach in their swimsuits.
A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.
Men do roadwork to a backdrop of brown hills.
A worker standing on a high scaffold.
A bus being worked on by a mechanic.
Variety is the spice of life no matter what the culture may be.
Two vehicles are parked outside a small grocery store.
One person helping another person up to the top of a mound of sand underneath a cloudy sky.
An old couple is walking up a sand mound.
An artist hard at work to draw a comical portrait.
The men are talking to the person in the police van.
A young girl and an older gentleman hold hands as he points to something off frame.
A man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard.
A man in a robe is riding a donkey down a street.
A man in a yellow shirt wearing multicolored plastic jewelry.
A brown bird is sitting on a tree branch.
A young boy sliding on the grass in an innertube
A man wearing a tank top holding up a sign that introduces Mark Finley.
A young man with brown eyes is dressed up like Jack Sparrow.
A man is holding metal rims one with each hand while talking to two people.
Three young boys are jumping and playing in the hay.
A small dog leaps in the water.
A black dog is running through the water.
A man wearing only underwear and tennis shoes walking down the street.
A dog is running with a yellow tennis ball and wearing a red harness.
Two children run in the sand, along the shore.
A muddy golden dog running in grass
Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.
Four men looking at a large sign.
A young man is in a stream with his dirt bike.
A group of 4 people are working with a lot of paper.
A young boy in a red shirt points at something.
Graying white man with glasses, uses blacksmith tools.
A little boy with black curly hair sitting in a blue chair that is on the sidewalk.
A welder in a mask welding with sparks flying.
A man wearing a green jacket welding a large piece of metal.
A worker making sure his machine is working correctly.
Two young girls run across a field as they fly a kite in the cloud-covered sky.
Three dogs run into the water.
A man in a green shirt laughs next to a woman in a yellow sweater, holding a pink balloon and wearing a pink tiara.
A girl jumps in the grass.
An old man in army fatigues addresses a line of children standing at attention.
Man looking into the camera playing a guitar
A blond woman offers a platter of food to another blond woman while sitting at a white table.
A girl in pink twirls a ribbon.
Three middle eastern men in business attire sit around a table.
A lean dog runs through green grass.
Two children are playing and a man in a black pant is walking near children.
Man hangs up picture of tree as woman looks on.
A young blond girl in pink shirt and pigtails is sitting atop a man's shoulders in a crowd.
A woman at a dark bar talking to people.
Four men are rollerskating in a line, with the last three holding onto the hips of the man ahead of them.
Two dogs wrestle in the ground.
A man is holding a utensil and is getting ready to dig into a plate filled with food.
A man and a woman are dancing in the street.
A woman with dark hair holds a vegetable as she stands in front of a table full of vegetables.
A group of smiling young women posing together.
A man dressed in red and white plays a banjo while others look on.
Pastry chefs are lined up sorting pastries.
Two men in black shirts each standing on one arm.
The brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball.
A little boy smiles and points while a man looks in the direction of the child's gaze.
People on a concrete area taking pictures.
Two women are playing keyboards under a lit tent at night.
A group in costume sings at a renaissance fair.
A girl in a plaid dress is walking on a sidewalk next to a stone building.
A woman with shopping bags is walking by a subway.
A man in a blue long-sleeved jacket crying out of fear.
The dog stands in the water next to the grass.
A very young blond girl wearing pink pants with white polka dots is sitting on a wooded trail in a forest.
A little girl throwing rocks into a stream.
A young girl and a dog next to her are looking at something in a stream.
A woman and a child walking by a vandalized building.
Three young girls dressed in white dresses run towards a fountain.
A little girl is showing her brother affection.
A woman riding a horse in a dirt arena, carrying an American flag.
Woman with red curly hair taking pictures outside.
A pep band in red and white uniform is playing while seated in a stadium.
A family is sitting in a park on the grass.
Four young men enjoy a dip in the local lake.
A man wearing camouflage steers a motorcycle across some stones.
A sparsely-populated arcade with many brightly lit games and a few people sprinkled around.
The little boy is in the swimming pool with an adult woman.
Man in straight jacket trying to get loose, standing in front of child with Jenga blocks.
The dog is chasing the goat around the yard.
A quarterback, in the statue of liberty position, is being held onto by an opposing player from behind.
A young black man with two guns pointed at his head.
A boy tries to put a screen on a window.
A girl walks downhill past some parked cars.
A little girl hugs her brother on a footbridge in a forest.
A quarterback is about to throw a pass from the end zone in a football game.
Street dancing on plastic while a large group of youth stand about and watch.
Woman cleans windows in front of store.
A man and a woman share a kiss on the beach.
A group of people in white stand with white goats.
A bunch of cowboys are awaiting their challenge of catching a live animal.
Blond boy eating a sandwich on a white chair.
A man with medium length hair, wearing a red beanie and blue shorts with no shirt, on one knee at the beach, sculpting a sand castle with a trough.
Black women make cloths in their home.
Three women outside all dress the same and talking to one another.
Two scuba divers are interacting with a dolphin underwater.
A man is sitting at a table eating and drinking.
A man in black, on a city sidewalk, plays the accordion.
A sleeping baby in a bib laying on a blanket.
People are standing on a train platform waiting for the train.
A young man flips up a welders' mask as a young girl looks on, a six-pack, barbecue, and chalk message in the background.
A young couple enjoying some snow cones on crowded street.
Two people are in a long wooden boat in a body of water.
A man operating a crane concentrates while inside of a protective booth.
A man in a green shirt holds a rolling pin while smoking a cigarette in a cluttered kitchen.
Guy instructing people in back of train.
A smiling woman in an orange skirt holds an open briefcase that displays a claw hammer.
Two men fighting while playing frisbee.
A man putting a little boy wearing orange into a child swing.
Two young men jumping over two big wood logs.
A woman in a green dress smoking a cigarette dances with a partner.
A little boy slides down a red slide.
An African American child in a red flannel shirt is sleeping on a woven rope hammock.
A young African girl in a white chair is doing another girl's hair.
The brown dog is walking through a river surrounded by bushes.
Woman making sushi on a kitchen counter.
A group of women walk down the street all carrying open umbrellas to protect them from the rain coming down from the sky.
Three large dogs running quickly next to a house.
Two Asian women are completing tasks and there is a beautiful background of bamboo.
A group of people are walking down a rural street.
Two young black men in blue jeans sit in front of a hammock.
A small boy playing with a wheel.
Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.
A man saws through a piece of wood to repair a fence.
A man is sitting on the grass holding a baby in front of him.
Two people are sitting on a rock overlooking the river.
A group of women, who look unhappy, are sitting in a kitchen talking.
Men work in a construction site.
A man with a backpack and a walking stick explores a mountainous terrain.
Children are reading and writing.
A woman paints a picture of a large building which can be seen in the background.
Man in white cleans the floor.
A woman in a black dress stands next to a pink bicycle.
Man in orange shirt squatting and working on black bicycle.
A blindfolded man aims for a pinata while people watch from the deck behind him.
Three elderly women walking from behind.
An elderly African-American man in a yellow shirt is standing in front of an information stand.
Boys are climbing wooden poles in a dirty river.
A dark-skinned man in a straw hat playing guitar and a man in sunglasses listening and smiling.
Two men are underground and appear to be mining.
Young students are playing musical instruments in an orchestra.
Three people are posing in front of a large white building.
Young Asian girls rest along a river's edge.
A little girl running down a brighly lit hallway.
Scuba diver under the water holding small crustacean in his hands.
A girls laying down at the grass
A young man holding a beer bottle and a cigarette splashes fluid on charcoal in a grill.
A girl at the beach just getting out of the ocean.
A man in a scuba suit holds a box.
A narrow stream runs between leaf-covered hills.
An older couple is walking past a Jewelry store on a sunny day.
A woman in a green jacket is pushing the button to cross the street.
A muddy child jumps into more mud on the ground.
A boy skateboards and does a jump over another skateboard.
Brown and white dog running through fall leaves on the ground.
People climb an odd barred structure.
Five men are washing windows of alpine style buildings on five ladders.
Closeup of man's legs on a bicycle peddal.
A lone rock climber in a harness climbing a huge rock wall.
Five young people prepare food in a kitchen while watching the television.
A surfboarder emerging from the ocean with his board, as the waves crash ashore behind him.
A group of people are walking to the beach.
A boy and a toddler boy stand by a water fountain.
A person in a kilt walks along an overpass.
Two men in teal scrubs stand in front of a cafe with an open sign.
Woman in blue shorts walking barefoot on the beach
A woman eating some food while sitting on a tiny stool next to a propane barbecue.
The little boy is playing by tires.
A man in a blue shirt is about to cross the street while a police car is driving by.
A boy on a green plastic swing.
A young man in shorts is looking into a stream next to a rock wall.
A person white-water rafting in turbulent water.
A young girl with blond-hair and glasses sitting at a table in a restaurant.
Four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain.
A man is cutting up food to put in bowls of food at a food court.
People are walking around in a nighttime environment.
A large women with short hair sleeping in a chair in public.
A man is walking across the street.
Woman in a white top and green pants handling green vegetables.
Many people are walking through a park with a lot of trees.
Seven people are riding a green raft in a white water river.
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.
A man in a suit walks by a building while the hood of a car reflects a warped view of that building.
A small dog and a large dog with a rope in its mouth.
A black dog running into the water.
Two dogs playing with each other
A woman sitting on the subway is holding a white box while closing her eyes.
A group of kids playing with tires.
Two boys are getting into a van and a younger boy is in a car seat.
A man and his dog in the mountains.
Two people walk outside in a nature area.
A man driving a tractor pulls along two young children for a ride.
A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.
Brown dog laying on gravel with grass and trees in background.
A young boy in a pool playing with a green water gun
A man wearing colorful clothing and white sunglasses is playing a large drum with his hands.
The man is wearing safety gear while he is training the black dog.
Two girls on a jungle gym.
Women carrying items on their heads walk down a dirt path with greenery on each side.
A Baseball batter raising his arm.
A man in white shirt play guitar to a woman in a white shirt.
Two young girls wearing pink playing on a playground
A man wearing a life jacket uses a map while on a small boat.
Few ladies are walking barefooted on the beach.
A brown dog runs through the grass holding something in its mouth.
Two men wearing white cowboy hats.
Three men in orange vests are pulling a jeep out of a ravine while another man sits inside.
A person in a safety vest pushing a truck.
Man in a kayak swimming in rough waters.
A man with a red helmet kayaking.
The black dog emerges from the water having collected an object in his teeth.
A little boy attempts to fix his bike.
Two young girls are sitting in the living room playing video games and drinking canned soft drinks.
A man sitting outdoors ironing fabric while three people observe
A black man sits intently at his sewing machine surrounded by brightly colored fabrics hung on the outside window of a stucco building.
A woman smoking a cigarette leaning over talking with someone.
A man in a green shirt and tan cap leans against a railing in someone's kitchen.
A man is cleaning his boat in the driveway.
A little boy stands up next to a window and cries.
A man touches the side of his face.
A man wearing a green number twenty five jersey is kicking a white soccer ball on a field.
A boy on a playground swing strikes a medatative pose.
The girl in blue jeans and white shirt is balancing on one leg.
A young girl suspended by rope next to a mesh.
A man a woman and a child sitting on a couch smiling
A man playing a guitar with his band
A singer and her band are performing on stage in a club.
A lady in a blue dress singing.
A young boy wearing a red scarf around his head with the word free written in red on one cheek.
A guitarist plays while people play with hula-hoops in the background.
The black dog and the white dog seem to be getting ready to fight.
Two women ride their three wheelers.
A young girl with her face painted stands next to some other children.
Four teens in school uniforms walk down a tropical road.
A man is sitting in room made up of wood panelling.
A man in gray holds his dog's leash while his son sits on his shoulders.
A group of people walk on a pathway near the lakeside.
The barefoot woman in sunglasses sits in the tree.
Three men in fishing caps are standing on rocks.
Two people in heaving clothing preparing food on a mountain.
A person in a brown shirt is pushing a baby in a stroller by the sea.
Five people playing string instruments in public.
A girl in a striped shirt holds a bun to her mouth.
A man wearing jeans and a gray shirt standing behind a spray painted brick wall.
A man in white t-shirt is holding umbrella and ice cream cart.
The fat, old man falls asleep in the chair.
A man plays his guitar in a park while people sit on benches.
An African boy drives his team of oxen down a dirt road.
A group of men are standing around and drinking water with their bikes.
A man excavating bones and tools from an archaeological site.
The shoeshine man, who shines shoes for a living, is shinning the black leather shoes of a man in nice dress pants.
Man paddling in blue kayak in the water.
An egret stands on a rock at the edge of a river.
A white man going for a walk.
A child in a blue cap is near an unpainted wooden fence.
A man with goatee rides an escalator.
A little boy does a cartwheel on the beach.
This lady in the print dress is stripping food for dinner.
A old man in a green shirt sits on the curb holding a camera.
Four girls pose in front of a crowd.
A big black dog chases a big brown dog with a green object in his mouth while another big brown dog tags behind.
Two baseball players standing at the pitchers mound whispering to one another.
Two men sit next to each other on the water in a boat.
A young man is looking inside the mouth of a lizard like figure.
A man in a white t-shirt performing tricks with a yo-yo.
A man drives a blue forklift through a crowd.
Two women are laying upside down on a white bed.
There is an Asian woman standing near baskets full of orange fruits.
Newly wedded man and woman jump for joy on the Great Wall of China.
Two boys make silly poses next to a sign.
A man cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time!
A man in formal wear plays the guitar and sings.
A man in an orange shirt standing next to a machine
A technician bent over fixing a machine.
A boy sits in a toy car while drinking from his sippy cup.
A girl with pigtails is smiling.
People pass each other on a busy city street while talking on their cellphones.
Man in hat and coat reading newspaper near garbage cans and graffiti.
Two workers are on a cherry-picker, one leaning out with a safety harness and the other smiling at the camera.
Two laughing women sit at a table with drinks.
Two people in outdated clothing posing in front of a fast food counter.
A man is spraying a design into sand
A girl takes a picture with her hand over the camera lens.
Two dogs play in a grassy field.
Two young boys running on a grassy field
A woman in a blue shirt making pottery.
A Jack Russell Terrier is measured for distance jumping as he tries to catch a Frisbee.
A young boy with glasses is kayaking in calm waters near a large tree.
A woman swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated pastures and tall trees.
A woman wearing high heels and a hat.
A woman is showing off a fresh baked pie by holding it over her head.
A man enjoying his craft of woodworking.
A young brown puppy pulls a leafy branch in his teeth in a backyard.
Two girls play on a fenced in field.
A gray dog is climbing up a low tree branch in a park.
Chevrolet car on display at a convention
A dog tags a nap on a rug near his favorite toy, a plush centipede.
Two young boys run by the edge of the water.
A man and his wife walking hand in hand down the street.
Young girl sliding down an inflated slide
A little girl trying to be like spiderman clime up the corner of the wall.
Young children, all reaching around an unseen object.
Group of people watching a fountain in a city skyline with palm trees.
A man is setting up a ladder inside a room.
Construction worker in the middle of doing his job working on a house.
A group of guys gathered and drinking at a bar.
A tri-colored dog jumps and catches a pink frisbeen that a man in shorts has thrown.
Two dogs in the water fighting over a stick.
A man is jumping in the air in front of a coastal scene with water and mountains in the background.
A man in a yellow shirt looking down at the ground.
A young boy is hitting a ball off of a tee.
A happy couple enjoying their open air wedding.
A man rock climbing in the forest surrounded by light.
A man is climbing a rope up a cliff.
A person is standing at the top of a rocky cliff overlooking land.
A person climbing a large moss-covered rock
A person hangs from a rocky cliff as they try to climb.
The white dog with black spots is catching a red Frisbee.
A taxi cab with a mama mia ad on top of it
A lady in the water is slamming a sack into a rock.
Two young children playing with big wheels in an urban area.
A person is dirt biking over rocks and water.
Man on motorcycle riding in dry field wearing a helmet and backpack
Blond woman lounging on a couch pursing her lips.
Three guys are barbecuing on a grill on a porch with a white fence.
A hiker relaxing on a clay hillside.
A small child is holding a mop next to a washer and dryer.
A man is falling from the ceiling on top of a bed.
A white man with carrying hair and a beard with a child on his shoulders.
An older man and younger man are shaking hands on a basketball court.
At a street festival, a boy and a man cook some sort of "Texas Smoked" meat while pedestrians pass by.
A woman with glasses drinking from a shot glass
A man in an orange shirt is jumping while playing a large drum.
An Asian woman eating with a spoon.
A group of young people are standing and sitting around a table eating and drinking with one another.
A man staring into the camera as he cuts lemons.
A small group of people are sitting on the bank of a large body of water in the grass.
Person with a backpack in a field
One young man in yellow pants is dancing while a crowd of people watch him.
Man in yellow pants performing for a crowd.
The dog is wading through shallow water while holding something in its mouth.
There are many different colored balls.
It looks like to me, they are figuring out Names, for what's in the bottles.
A sous-chef chopping a cucumber for a salad.
A man wearing a baseball mitt is in a field leaning to his side.
People are standing near a food vendor in a park.
A hiker is walking a treeless path up a hill.
Man on stage playing his guitar.
Several people sit in on blankets in a park with blooming pink cherry blossoms.
Five spectators are watching two cars racing at a racetrack.
A man wearing glasses looking at a round mirrored object hanging from above.
A man holds a fish in both hands.
Two female beach volleyball players, facing each other, prepare to strike the ball.
Man stands outside against wall with tennis racket in dark.
A man wearing a yellow safety vest and hard hat is driving a tractor.
A young lady wearing yellow is feeding a small child at the table.
A man with a red hat and a pen behind his ear looks like he is about to say something.
The couple is kissing, while standing facing.
A white dog with a stick in his mouth standing next to a black dog.
Small kid sitting inside a tractor claw playing in dirt.
A man is climbing on top of some metal poles attached to each other.
A man fishing off a pier at sunset.
A man with stretched earlobes wearing a black hat stands in front of a display of food for sale.
Two hikers wearing dark clothes rest on a snow covered peak.
A man in shorts standing on a chair making a hut.
A skater rides his board on a ramp.
A little girl dressed in a white dress is preparing to lay the floral petals down for a wedding.
A man is sleeping outside on cardboard next to a water bottle.
A man is speaking into a microphone, while another man ponders the situation at hand.
A young boy holds onto a blue handle on a pier.
A young boy with flower on his face mixes dough in a striped shirt, overalls and an apron.
A man stands and reads something by a railing overlooking a town.
A group of people sit watching an event behind a Tim hortons sign.
A man in a white shirt balances on water-filled tanks containing crabs and fish.
A girl with her eyes closed is touching a boy's cheeks.
A man in a white shirt is brushing a goat.
A kid in blue jeans and black socks sleeps under a pink blanket with a swirl design.
A blond-hair lady sitting with a kid.
A little girl dressed in yellow is holding onto two red handles.
The dog is jumping in the air to catch a ball.
Two big German Shepherd dogs play in the water.
Little boy walking with stick on tracks
Two smiling little blond girls in pink pants swing from a metal bar.
Construction workers working on a large building.
A man sits on a field near a backpack.
Some people are on a patio and there is a fire.
A city market on a street sits in the foreground, with city buildings lay in the background.
Three firemen are conversing next to a firetruck.
A man in a field wearing a backpack and there are sheep and mountains behind him.
Two people are eating a meal together.
A man in a yellow jacket takes a picture while leaning against a car while another man works on the car on the opposite side.
Handyman works on outer wall of city building.
An older lady blowing out a 9 and a 0 number candles on a birthday cake.
A man beside a clown with other people in the background.
A man in a white shirt playing a black and white guitar.
People are sitting and lying on steps.
A young girl moves some suitcases that are near an open window.
A child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick.
The person is wearing a black and red outfit and is practicing combat.
People are gathered outside for a protest, and one woman in the front is smiling at the camera.
A fisherman is reeling his rod while another relaxes in a boat on water.
The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.
A woman, in nun attire, is being frisked by a female security guard, while another woman looks on.
A woman is grabbing a guy's foot and putting it behind his head.
A wet dog is jumping over a hurdle.
Street scene in Asia with pedestrians and parked bicycles.
A man wearing a white shirt and gloves is holding a checkered box.
A little baby holds the head of his older brother
Two children with brown hair in a trunk of a car.
Girl and boy serving food on plate
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
A group of people that appear to be having a good time.
Two little boys are sitting in a metal shaped box while wearing bike helmets.
The young man is holding a drink and checking his cellphone.
A man and woman are walking in an apple orchard while swinging a little boy between them.
Man in black on microphone, in band.
People are in a ride that drops you from a great height.
Two men are working on the rooftop of a building.
A young boy in a Tigger shirt stands on top of someone lying in a bed.
A chef preparing hamburgers outside, on a grill for patrons walking by.
A sports team made up of 14 Women waring white t-shirt and pink tags.
People sit at bars with a lot of wineglasses.
An older lady in a black shirt is adding ingredients to a KitchenAid mixing bowl as a crowd looks on.
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.
A boy plays with outstretched arms on the sidewalk next to a cobblestone street.
Men and Women and Michigan Wine and Food tasting
Five chefs are standing behind a table full of cupcakes.
Three chefs preparing meals within the kitchen.
A man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people.
Three boys busting bricks into very small pieces.
A gentleman laughs in his car while driving on the countryside.
Two dancers on stage in a club.
A young boy is standing in a classroom trying to make a craft project, but having difficulties, while his classmates watch him.
Two girls sitting by the water.
A child jumps on a sand dune.
A person looking out and standing on top of a rock.
A man in a striped shirt plays the drums.
Two women and a baby in a stroller in front of a store.
A dark-haired woman in a black shirt is looking at a silver machine.
A woman in a black jacket is leaning against a lamp post.
A young man with blond-hair works with multicolored wires while sitting on a stoop.
Two little league players are next to a base in the field.
A boy swings a baseball bat, and a catcher stands behind him.
A man and a woman wearing shorts are standing in an alley.
A man in jacket, hat, and hood, facing away from the camera holds his hands up and together.
Three people are sleeping in a mass-transit vehicle.
A man works on a very large, intricate sand sculpture on a beach.
Mother and father watching their baby pet an animal.
A baby stands on the side of a couch and knocks over a lamp.
Many people are gathered under a tent, getting food.
A chef is talking to another person in a KitchenAid showroom.
A man in a white chef's jacket presenting tomatoes.
A group of ladies with computers sit behind a table while people on the other side purchase something.
People at an affair outside under a tent.
The man in a dark blue shirt is squeezing a bottle filled with a gold-colored substance.
A man is making a toast with his drink.
A male conducting a KitchenAid class dressed in a black chef's jacket.
A man in a black shirt jumping with a coffee cup full of a beverage.
A girl smiles as she runs across the white sandy beach in her swimsuit.
A woman, dressed in a yellow blouse and black panties, is playing beach volleyball.
A man wearing safety gear operates a machine with tents on the background.
A man works on a piece of wood on a spinner.
A baby manages to pull himself to his feet with the help of a couch.
Bearded man playing an acoustic guitar
A man and a woman are gambling at a casino and are enjoying themselves.
A woman is laying in the grass eating something outside the leaning tower of pizza.
A young male child with curly brown hair, hiding behind a cardboard box in a vegetable vendor's market.
Five workers sitting in front of trucks eating lunch
A bride and groom are feeding each other wedding cake.
A man rock climbing pauses to calculate his route.
The male rock climber takes a look over his shoulder at the view of the lake and city.
Two dogs shaking off water droplets on a beach.
Women of different ethnicities stand in a room, holding red and yellow darts.
Several younger people walking down a street in heavy clothing.
A young gentlemen with a blue tie talking into a microphone.
A dog runs along the short at a beach.
A man pouring a wheelbarrow of cement on a sidewalk.
Two men are sitting working on their computers.
A lady in a black dress is talking to a group of people.
A rock climber ascends.
A woman and a young man are setting at a table in a Mexican restaurant.
Gray and black dogs running away down forest path
A person dressed in a blue shirt and jeans looks past the trees to the horizon.
A little girl high-fives a yellow robot.
The small furry white dog is walking in the green grass.
Four kids rolling and sliding down a sand dune.
The little boy in red trunks is attempting to catch a soccer ball that is coming towards him.
A uniformed woman holding a camera standing in front of a crowd of spectators.
A young man with dark hair and a beard cooking steaks outside on a small grill.
A man wearing a multicolored shirt is holding a megaphone.
The small girl is sitting in a harness, strapped to a tether, while others watch.
People looking at pictures on a display.
Two women are standing on a boat looking at the water.
A skinny girl in large boots is standing by the roadside.
A man dressed in black wearing odd headgear swings a staff.
A bass player in a red shirt is playing while smoking a cigarette.
Two men dressed in business casual share a laugh.
A man in a cape is near a red building.
A man with a brown t-shirt holds on to a wire while another man looks on.
A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.
A young girl wearing a bikini in an innertube.
A man in a black hat and tan jacket walking across the street.
A brown dog chases a blond one in the grass.
Four women participate in synchronized swimming at dark.
A group of people outside after dark facing a waterway.
People wait for their luggage at the airport.
A old man and a youth work on starting a tiller.
A man wearing a cowboy hat and a gold cross around his neck
Demonstrators waiting for the policemen to hear their grievances against police oppression and brutality.
One man is sitting on top of a school bus, while another man, wearing a matching shirt, is standing inside.
A group of women dressed in black playing musical instruments in front of a large building.
A man is playing a DJ game in an arcade.
Members of a brass band look at their sheet music.
Two men with long hair are sitting on the ground.
Two people and a small white dog are playing at the park.
A man standing in front of several cliff faces.
A frightened little boy being pulled up and out of a pool by his father.
A brown dog carrying a black object.
A person holding a small dog on a leash is bending over and looking through items.
A family of four watches an air show.
These are women members of a musical symphony dressed in black and carrying red flags outside an ornate building.
Two women are jogging and three men are walking on a dirt trail.
A person wearing a long-sleeved white shirt is weaving with yellow thread.
Two young ladies play chess in a restaurant.
A group of people are sitting at a beach watching the Blue Angels.
Two young children are playing on the beach while a man watches.
A black dog is coming out of the ocean water on the beach with something in its mouth.
A man preparing fruit below a tree.
A young man in a suit standing out from the crowd, at what appears to be an art exhibition.
The soldier is standing tall as he observes the passing people.
A man is fishing off a beach into a large body of water while a young boy carries a net not too far away.
A man dressed in white and with glasses having something to eat.
A young blond girl in a pink shirt looks at a large praying mantis on her arm.
Two young boys, wearing just underwear, climb around a vehicle.
There is a guy wearing stilts playing the trombone in front of a mural.
A white bird is standing on a wooden platform.
A boy stands beside a railing at a go kart track.
A woman sits on a flower pot at a crowded coffee shop.
Three children, two girls and one boy, in martial art stances, standing on the hard-wood floor of a large room.
Three dogs in a field looking at something in the grass.
This woman is smiling and talking on the phone while sitting on a stone wall.
An elder man overlooks a balcony facing a street.
A woman at graduation without a cap on.
A small child pushes a stroller down the street.
A man in a suit and two men in orange vests standing around
Two old men sitting on the dock.
Two bicycles are standing behind two people sitting on the grass near a body of water.
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.
A man wearing a brown t-shirt is talking to a woman wearing a flowered tank top at an outdoor music concert.
People sitting in front of other people.
A man in a brown shirt takes a picture of something on the ground in front of him.
A kid standing in the middle of a dirt road
A woman is looking at dressed, headless mannequins in a store display.
The man is doing stunts with his bicycle.
A group of friends stand in front of art they have sprayed for a picture.
A guy in a leather jacket walking by a corner store.
A man wearing glasses and a blue jacket is smiling while men behind him are cooking on a grill.
A man in a black shirt reading a paper.
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.
A man is snowboarding over a structure on a snowy hill.
A lady with a satchel looks at merchandise in a flea market.
A man is playing the banjo at a concert.
A young man is sitting at a table with a laptop and earphones.
A horse is walking beside a boat under a bridge.
The man is aiming to shoot something while his dog watches.
A man, a woman with a child in a stroller on a crowded street.
TWo people walking into a shadow in one direction while another walks in the midst of it.
Little boys in white karate uniforms performing their martial arts indoors.
A man in a blue shirt holding a child while holding onto a stroller at a baseball stadium.
Youngsters are being served green eggs and ham.
A woman in a yellow shirt is helping a little girl in a pink shirt.
Young people in yellow shirts prepare colorful food.
A man in a lime green shirt waits for the subway while a woman films using her phone.
People in a courtyard plaza are sitting and standing.
A man videotaping a group of people in front of a from new york banner.
There is an Asian girl holding a green sign protesting.
Three women and a man in a hat sitting cross legged in a group.
Two people are taking pictures.
Three young people are snuggling under a blanket on a sidewalk.
A lot of people bundled up together
Four women and one man sitting on the sidewalk with sleeping bags.
Five Asian friends posing together for a picture.
A crowd of men and women sitting and standing by a we are demanding sign.
A little boy in a yellow shirt walking on stones.
Two males running, one wearing red and white, the other navy blue and black, outside on a cloudy day.
A man in a green hat running.
A young girl sits on a rock overlooking a large field.
Two men talk in a restaurant kitchen.
A man wearing shorts, sandals, and a black shirt is talking on his cellphone.
A silhouette of a kid playing on a beach.
A man and a woman tak outside of a coffee house.
Two people stand outside a wine shop.
A chef with glasses cooks french bread in a giant oven.
Woman walking with face painted children while carrying a screaming child.
A woman with ripped jeans is laying on the ground with her forearm over her face.
Three workers are working on a metal roof
A lady wearing a bonnet is sitting down with her hands on her lap.
Two people look over a terrace wall.
A woman is smiling and reading a newspaper behind a bud light advertisement.
A man and woman walk down the street together.
A young baby wearing blue sleepwear has a pacifier in his mouth and is sleeping.
Earth, water and sky make this a great spot a time out.
A young boy runs down a field, wearing a name tag.
A man is performing for a crowd on a tall unicycle.
Young man alone on a white-sand beach enjoys a snack under a beach umbrella.
A group of people walking across a rope bridge.
A man climbs up a cliff and reaches an overhang.
A girl playing pool at a pool hall.
A person taking a jump off a rock on a dirt bike.
Two construction workers talk while looking at a Naval ship.
A man in a gray shirt and a hat holding a jackhammer
The man with the goatee and black shirt is walking along the street.
A rainbow is formed from a tank spraying water on a street.
A videographer and female companion stand by a waterway.
S large man in a blue shirt and shorts leaning against a van in front of a store called "Terrible's"
A man in a black shirt stands in front of a construction cone.
A man in an orange raincoat is discussing something with another man wearing work clothes near a sewer manhole.
A man in the window of a red big rig truck.
A man paint spattered clothing talks on a mobile phone.
A boy holds his hands on his head.
Three women walking together down the sidewalk, one is wearing a short white skirt.
Two man are sitting in white room playing guitar.
A blond individual rides a jet ski in water near a mountain range.
People playing in the water with a water bike.
A man in a white shirt is plowing a field with two mules.
A man in a black shirt and hat plays guitar.
A shirtless man in a blue hat and sunglasses runs waist-deep through a large body of water.
A balding man is petting a white panda in a zoo.
A man crawls through a playground plastic tube towards a little girl with red-hair.
Children and women gather outside a building.
Girl with half dreadlocks and earmuffs on makes a large bubble
Several people are sitting at computer desks in a messy office.
Three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass.
A young lady playing guitar on a stage in a park.
A baby carefully wrapped in a blanket sleeping in an infirmity crib.
A girl in a gray YMCA sweater looking through a telescope.
A small black dog is in the grass.
Beautiful brunette woman, draped in purple, blue and a scarlet scarves.
A long day makes the woman tired and sleepy.
The security guard is smiling.
Younger man in a yellow shirt and tan shorts is moving a dry yard or field with a riding John Deere tractor mover.
Two officers in uniform chatting in a golf cart.
A dog with long hair and a red vest runs in the grass.
A dog runs while holding an object in its mouth.
A man with red-rimmed glasses stands with arms folded behind a metal grate.
A man is surfing down a hill of sand.
A black dog is walking through a stream of water.
A man wades in the water and watches a waterfall.
Young boy in climbing harness scaling a climbing wall.
A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.
A girl peeks through the leaves on a tree.
A guy wearing a green shirt is cooking on a campfire
Young girl carrying camping gear and a stuffed brown dog.
Two children are sitting on the floor together.
A fluffy white dog is coming out of a blue striped obstacle shute.
A man throws a small child up in the air.
A girl is winding up to throw a softball.
Man without a shirt is climbing a rock.
A boy with a yellow shirt and black pants welding something.
Three people on grass, one raking leaves, one mowing the lawn, another standing by a garbage bag.
A group of African boys are looking at water pipes.
A woman is looking upset holding a water bottle in front of a wall with writing on it.
A woman walking in a street with a young boy in front of her, and a running man behind her.
Worker loading handicapped man in wheelchair onto a train.
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
City workers are doing maintenance on a train track.
A gut wearing a plaid shirt with a mustache selling fish at a market.
A person in a yellow shirt stretching on a bridge.
A couple waiting at a crosswalk in a brightly lit city.
The cat looks away from the person next to it.
A young girl with a purple shirt, waters grass.
A blond girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand.
A young boy covered in ink stands in front of a white door.
A man stands in front of the Gateway Arch.
Three teenagers are carrying wood down a street while one of the teenagers is smiling at the camera.
A toddler with eggs in a bowl.
People gather around a table with many red, white, and blue decorations around in the spacious tent.
A firefighter extinguishes a fire under the hood of a car.
A golfer prepares to take a shot on golf course surrounded by trees.
A bunch of birds outside of a building.
A black dog and a white dog race in a grassy field while spectators look on.
A black and white dog jumping into a pool.
Man sitting in the shadows on the steps of a building.
Children fishing off a bridge
A young man rests on an airport seat with a cowboy hat over his face.
A man walking down a narrow street.
A boy in a blue boat tied to a larger boat dumps out a bucket of water.
A young boy on the beach running into the ocean waves.
A man and a woman are sitting on the ground and surrounded by boats.
The boy is jumping in the woods.
A tan dog on a leash running in shallow ocean water.
He is reading a paper and she is looking at him with a smile.
A woman in shorts throwing a bowling ball down a bowling alley.
A barefoot redheaded girl jumping over a rail.
A man in white and red with sunglasses carrying and blowing a very large horn.
A person in a blue shirt is holding a microphone in their hands.
Little boy runs the wrong way after hitting the ball in a game of tee ball.
A black and white dog jumping into a pool after tennis balls.
A young boy in a blue shirt and green hat blows up an orange balloon.
A young girl on the beach, running toward the water.
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees.
People are walk and running on a bridge sidewalk.
Three women dressed in plain clothes are cooking a meal in their kitchen.
A dog in midair cacthing the red ball.
A man in a fish market is cutting swordfish into steaks.
A man plays saxophone next to a yellow fire hydrant.
A young boy in blue shorts is climbing rocks along the hotel resort beach shore.
A young man in a white shirt cutting tomatoes.
Two men in the middle of the action of a fighting match.
A man with swords battling a female with a spear.
Two people in black vests are standing in front of children in white vests with an American flag between them.
A boy reaches the top of a jungle gym.
A man with a white shirt and tie is standing on a sidewalk between cement barriers.
Little boy pushing another little boy up the pole.
A man and a much younger boy, both wearing hats, taking a stroll through nature.
A crowd cheers on a baseball team.
A man in an orange shirt is taking a picture.
The sunshine behind a group of trees on a long rode.
A little boy and his bike sit outside the Kuthhoop Hotel.
Three women in dresses and headscarves outside.
A man about to step off the edge of a desert rock formation.
Two beige dogs are playing in the snow.
This picture is of a young girl practicing gymnastics in a gym.
The man climbs through the rocks and snow.
Two young attractive women with shorts cross a street of a busy city.
A man with a green shirt on is working.
A man with a ponytail and tan tank top sitting on a couch counting on his fingers.
A man catches a decent sized fish and is taking it off the hook
The little girl is wearing a denim dress and holding a brown teddy bear.
A man opening a barbecue oven while holding tongs.
A group of people in kilts are playing music while a runner in black runs by.
Island woman cooking outside with pineapples and fruit.
Several men of Indian origin are conversing and one, in particular, seems very excited about the conversation.
A vendor standing in the window of her shop.
A man pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear.
A small girl playing, on the sidewalk, with a stick.
A group of people wait at a platform while a train passes them.
Two boys posing in blue shirts and khaki shorts.
A woman is pushing a young girl in a swing.
Two girls sparring with a red and blue bat while another girl watches.
A man in an orange shirt is using a scraper in a sifter.
A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.
A man and woman enjoy a ride down the rapids on a warm day.
A man is breakdancing on the floor around a crowd of people.
A child wearing black and white swim gear kneeling in shallow water over a plastic yellow boat filled with wet sand.
A young woman smiling in the distance is enjoying a bubble bath.
Two children are on the beach and are playing in the wet sand.
A girl standing in the ocean
A little girl is swinging in a baby swing on the playground.
Three working class African American men are outside.
A woman with blond-hair and sunglasses sitting at a table and smiling.
A marketplace with rolling carts selling fruits.
Two girls in bright green boots and a woman are together.
A farmer walks his pet pig down the dirt road.
Two men beating on drums and one man blowing a horn sitting outside.
People stand on a colorful balcony.
A group of people, dressed the same walking down the street, in a parade.
One man kissing another man on the check and both are in white shirts with black vests.
A young man in a red shirt cooking in a frying pan.
A man studying for his exams outside a bookstore
A large black and white dog is running through a grassy field.
A girl removes her eye makeup with an ear swab.
A man in a bowling alley getting ready to throw the bowling ball down the lane.
A woman with glasses drinks coffee at a cafe.
People waiting to cross the street in front of a pharmacy with lit up sign.
Individuals with balloons participating in a walk.
2 boys in the foreground in a karate competition and coaches in background looking on with another coach sitting at table.
Older man in orange jumpsuit holding a water hose.
A man in a white t-shirt cleaning up debris.
A young boy in a white shirt is holding a wrapper.
A pair of dancers perform on a red brick street.
A man and woman, both wearing shorts, are walking down a sidewalk.
A man in sitting in front of a large Calvin Klein steel advertisement with a long instrument.
A woman in a white apron prepares various meats on a large grill.
Two chefs talk together behind a tiled restaurant calendar in a fancy restaurant.
A man in dirty jeans on top of a scaffolding.
A bike rider wearing a red shirt and black shorts is attended to by city workers.
People inside of a building with their heads down with a view outside of bikes.
A woman in a white shirt mixing something on the kitchen counter.
An asian man in a suit on the subway, asleep.
A tan dog walks along a grassy path with his long pink tongue hanging out.
Young African man does work in a field.
A man in a yellow shirt vacuums a floor while looking at the camera.
A gentleman in traditional garb weaving a blanket in a field.
A man with a blue baseball cap on is sleeping against a rock.
An old man is napping on a park bench.
An elderly man is wearing overalls and holding a paintbrush.
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
A little boy and a little girl are lying on a black bench surrounded by adults.
Two people go ice skating in a rink.
A blond girl in a white dress holding a bird in a tree.
A young woman at an open air market buying bread.
A man is carrying a trash barrel past a statue of an angel.
A man walking down the street with a small boy.
An African-American baby is crawling on the floor near a table.
A brown dog is sitting in some long grass.
A group of people carry things down a narrow road.
A SCUBA diver swimming deep underwater with a turtle.
This boy is playing on a playground with tires on it.
Some kids playing near the street.
A young Asian boy leaps for joy into a pool of water, his tongue stuck out for joy.
A boy wearing black swimming trunks is standing in a fountain.
An ice cream truck is stopped in front of two small apartment buildings.
A man on stage performing a concert for people.
A man in a dark jacket stands next to a man dressed in brown reaching down into a bag.
Woman in a bikini top is walking on the beach
The girl in the purple top and shorts, wearing a hat, is laughing.
Guy playing banjo in the park as a duck enjoys the music.
A young boy examines a field of pumpkins, with some already in his wheelbarrow.
Several people are riding on a roller coaster while reacting to going through a loop in various ways.
A man in a red shirt is jumping from a large rock formation.
These two women are having fun while taking pictures.
A little girl in an elaborate green and orange dress is chasing after a pink and white balloon figure.
Two men are working on train tracks.
A green tinted hand is being held up in front of a table of people.
An older black woman is operating her electric wheelchair.
Dogs running on a cold but sunny morning
Two puppies run across flat stones in garden area.
A man wearing a gray t-shirt and blue jeans stands ready to hit a golf ball at a driving range.
Person hanging upside down from poles
A smiling woman in a purple shirt and white apron wiping her hands on a napkin.
A young boy covering his face while sitting on a trampoline.
A dog with a red collar and its tongue hanging out runs through tall grass.
A man is pulling a cart covered in chairs.
A girl in a red bikini is jumping into a pool.
Two girls are performing tricks on a trampoline.
Workers are serving up customers lined up in front of a Martins famous louisiana sausages vendor tent
A boy splashing through the ocean.
A boy in blue shirt splashing in water under a dock
Young chefs are arranging food in a kitchen.
A brown horse is standing behind a girl and is sniffing her hair.
A smiling boy runs through the grass.
A man with a shoulder bag walking in the desert on sand with footprints behind him and the horizon with many stormy clouds.
The group is watch a cartoon on a small electric device.
Two men, one standing and one on a bicycle are talking outside a building.
A black dog swims in the water.
An Asian family prepares meat on skewers at a night market.
A man in a yellow vest sweeping a sidewalk.
Two boys, one in a red and one in a white uniform, fight for control over the ball during a soccer match.
The two racers drove the white bike down the road.
A man dressed in a burgundy shirt and black pants maneuvering a puppet which is holding a musical instrument.
Several people walk up a staircase.
There are many people with black hair heading through some doors and a few coming out.
An outdoor cafe with people sitting while a man in white shirt is walking toward them.
Two kids on wakeboards attempt to give one another a high-five.
A young man, barefoot along side the beach, prunes a tree.
People are working on the factory floor while yellow stacks of paper go by.
A young boy with swimming goggles, jumping into a swimming pool.
Two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather.
A woman is sitting on a stool with an accordion.
A fisherman is preparing his nets for his next haul.
Girl is standing out on the train tracks.
Girl with green tank top standing in the middle of a train track with multicolor train cars to the right.
A very young boy sliding down a slide into a swimming pool, wearing blue floaties.
A woman with a red jacket and her companion eating snacks.
A mobile food station set up to serve patrons on the city streets.
A man has his arms around two women who are posing for a picture with him.
An adult man wearing jeans and black shirt holding a beverage.
There is a man on a bucking horse holding on tightly while the crowd watches at a rodeo.
People on a crowded train or bus in Asia.
A man in a Hawaiian shirt is playing an orange electric guitar on a stage.
A few guys playing soccer on a field.
A woman looks stone-faced in the mirror as she applies eyeliner.
The boy has blond-hair and a dirty face.
Two hikers walk down an arid slope next to a green conifer.
Two male security officers are restraining another man by the shoulders and arms.
Various passengers on a bus look out the window or into the distance.
In a tree filled park a man stretches.
Two people with yellow backpacks hiking up a hill.
A woman with braids is kneeling down and adjusting string on a machine
Three boys in size order getting wet next to a wall
A young boy laying face down in water.
A toddler wearing a onesie is stretching to see a video game in an arcade.
A asian man gives an evil eye to the camera.
An Asian woman in a red sweater holding her baby.
A young boy pulls a car toy up a hill.
A boy is holding his nose and jumping off a diving board backwards into a lake.
A painter shows off his talent in front of a group of people
Six shirtless men are standing outside leaning on or standing near a fence.
An injured, bloody person sitting with friends in a hospital waiting room.
A boy in swim trunks does a backflip into the ocean while mountains show through the fog behind him.
A man in a jumpsuit and hat tends to a large spool of rope.
A little girl in a sweater is swung around by an unseen hand.
These people are cooking lots of food.
A man cooking something in an old fire burning oven with a apron on.
A man in a red shirt sits at a table with a glass of water.
A hiker with an American flag on his backpack walks through the woods.
A female looking out the window as a male looks in.
Four boys run down a stone paved sidewalk.
The woman in glasses is holding a red and white sale bag.
A crowd of people are standing together on a sidewalk, while one man is taking a picture.
A lady in a red and black striped shirt is sitting on a retaining wall.
A gentleman in a purple scarf and hat is looking at money while holding an accordion.
A woman is drinking from a green straw.
A person is setting at a table in a cafe.
A woman holding a dog on a leash.
A man on a phone and woman sitting near a painting.
Man with hat juggling in front of a captivated audience.
A woman talks animatedly to her companion next to a body of water.
A family poses for a photo at dinner.
A woman in traditional Islamic garb walks through a plaza with a bearded man.
A worker in a blue hat is fixing the wall.
A man standing in a hole in front of a woman in a garden.
A woman squatting to face a small child while holding a dog.
A little boy is holding a green and yellow sponge while standing in front of a stove.
Two boys stand beside a pile of garbage on the ground.
Two people are swimming in water next to a red buoy.
There are three swimmers from the same team getting ready to compete.
Three young women perform a dance in a crowded hall.
A woman reaching out to lights.
A lady that's holding a yellow bag is sitting on a chair in a store.
A young girl tries her hand at gardening.
A heavyset couple interact outside a striped cabana on a beach located near a pier.
Two and four footed neighbors stop by to visit.
A boy jumps from one table to another at a park.
A white dog jumping to catch a red ball.
A brown, fluffy dog jumping into a swimming pool after a red toy.
A dog jumping in the water at a beack.
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
The dog has red straps in its back.
A woman squatting in the grass is smiling at a little boy, as he smiles and raises his hands in the air.
A woman in a black shirt is hugging a man.
A woman in jeans walking along a pathway with green railing.
A young boy in a swimming suit sits in water.
A lone musician in black is on stage, playing an acoustic guitar and singing into a microphone.
Dogs pulling a sled in a sled race.
A woman orders a dish at a street kitchen vendor.
A woman is standing next to a Japanese version of Disney's Snow White.
A dog wearing a blue harness stands in the snow and pants.
A woman standing at the counter of a takeout window.
A young boy with his tongue stuck out is climbing onto a wooden platform.
A boy in white plays baseball.
Two little blond girls in helmets are sitting on a red ATV.
Child on a small motorbike near a small pond.
Two little boys look back as they walk across a grassy area.
Kid about to go on bike ride with parent
A man wearing a black helmet, blue jacket, and khaki shirts rides his bike on the street next to a red car.
Women in bike helmets take break from long ride.
A couple enjoy a beautiful day bicycling on a bike trail wearing bicycling safety helmets and gloves.
Two bicyclists riding beside some railroad tracks.
Two people with helmets are riding bikes in front of a building.
Someone is taking a stroll on their bike.
A woman in a light blue jacket is riding a bike.
Three boys play with paddles on the beach.
A backhoe is on top of a pile of rubble from a demolished building.
Some children watching fish in a pool.
Two woman in colorful costumes look at a little girl wearing a brown vest.
Two men are playing music on a bench.
Boy with dark skin, standing on his head with legs spread, at the end of a floating wooden boat.
A man sprinkles seasonings on his barbecue in front of foliage.
Two people are wakeboarding in the water and are being pulled by a boat.
A small boy is sitting on a bench next to a large jelly bean mascot.
The waterskier does a flip behind a boat.
Two young children are standing in hall.
A young boy wearing a blue t-shirt holds up an odd-looking object for inspection while standing among trees.
The man on the beach looking for stuff with metal detector.
A man is standing on a street holding a sign.
A man in a black hat walks down the street.
A couple walking at a gathering with a balloon in the air behind them.
A boy in a red sweater running on the beach
A man without a shirt is walking on top of lots of rocks.
A man standing and cheering amongst a stadium of others sitting.
A woman reading a newspaper and a man in a green jacket riding a train.
A woman in a red dress covers another woman's eyes.
A military or police officer stands by as people pass in a public square.
People waiting in line for their favorite beverage.
A woman in a teal shirt and a beige cardigan looks away from the board game she is sitting in front of.
A waiter presenting an order to the kitchen staff.
Four people walking across thick snow during a sunset.
Groups of people observe fish in a large tank.
A little boy wearing a blue baseball cap is sitting on a dock overlooking the water.
People are standing on a platform to board a train.
A female with blond-hair is cutting a watermelon on a marble countertop.
An old man in traditional costume seems to be in a cheerful mood.
About 12 kids and a few adults get splashed by an off-camera source.
A girl in a green shirt jumps in the air.
Two black dogs are trotting through an empty public area.
A man is pouring drinks at a table.
A man in a white t-shirt is smiling as looking at something.
A man driving a green miniature train.
Boy and his family celebrating his birthday with a brightly lit cake.
A woman realigns her sock in a messy park.
A boy laying on the grass face down with a football at his feet.
A man with gloves works in a lab.
A woman with long brunette hair and a beige hoodie is standing near cabinets.
A woman is being interviewed at her dining table.
A tall man stirring a pot of food on a stove.
Man wearing protective eye gear performs a science experiment while woman watches.
A dog trots across the ground with a large stick in his mouth.
A male gymnast leaps over a stack of wooden platforms.
A boy experiencing and exhibit at the museum.
Several travelers either standing or sitting on what appears to be a subway car.
Young girl stirs a pot with a spoon in the kitchen while wearing a large black blanket.
A man in yellow and green shorts jumping in a living room.
A female athlete ties the laces of one of her cleats on the field.
A woman on a subway is falling asleep.
Asian woman in white shirt standing away from the crowd behind her.
A young child is climbing a rock wall in all his protective gear.
A boy in a red hat and black shirt is skateboarding near a red and white striped curb.
A man wearing a wife-beater, sitting around fruit in a low budget market.
A man in red snow gear looks at an expanse of snow and mountains.
Kids playing at a playground on a stack of tires
A person is standing with one leg propped up with an object with a blue line in his left hand.
The women with shorts has her hand placed on a white car.
A man is playing a small guitar-like instrument and singing into a microphone.
A man riding a bike wearing a green shirt with a drink in his hand.
A girl in a white shirt is sitting on a park bench with a dog next to her.
A man is painting on a sidewalk in the city.
A man in a plaid shirt connecting his black laptop to his microscope.
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.
The lady in the red car is crossing the bridge.
The 3 dogs are cruising down the street.
There are about a dozen of men in work clothes that are getting directions for a task.
Two people do jumping jacks on the beach
A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.
Two children are playing on a makeshift barrel swing.
A green John Deere tractor in a field pulling a red trailer.
Two boys playing in the water wearing shorts.
Two restaurant employees exchange a plate of food under a Mongolian BBQ neon sign.
A truck has just crashed into the back of another truck.
A young boy wearing a clever black and white shirt with his head bowed down
Two children are standing on a green metal fence.
Two bicyclists pose by a stream for a picture.
People walk by a display of underwear hanging in a stall.
Six women are sitting at a table together in front of a bookshelf.
A woman giving a blond-haired toddler a drink from a cup.
A man in a red outfit is riding a red motorbike uphill on a motocross circuit.
A young man with ginger hour is playing a game of pool.
Two men in a wooden boat, one wearing yellow and one wearing black, traveling on a smooth body of water.
A woman in black is playing a Cello type instrument.
A man with no shirt on and a hat is using a hammer and anvil.
An adult and a child sitting on a police motorcycle.
One boy in a striped shirt and one girl in a green shirt each riding on bicycles with training wheels.
A man in shorts is chopping wood outside a teepee.
2 people sit barefoot in a tent, one with a beer and one lounging playing a guitar.
Many people are standing and are watching something.
A snarling brown and black dog corners a brown long-haired cat under a wooden bench.
Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball.
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand.
A man on bicycle riding down a rocky hill.
Three people wearing colorful costumes and masks sitting between two stone statues.
A couple holds a sign that reads Teaching children for peace.
A girl in a pink shirt lies on her back in the grass.
The kids play in the wooded area near the water.
A young girl in a yellow dance, dancing on a stage with a baseball field in the background.
A man sits on a rock.
Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.
A man with facial hair in white clothes eating a steak.
A man dressed as a cook enjoys a meal and bottle of wine in an empty restaurant.
A woman wearing a blue jacket reaching out to a child.
An Asian city at night with a large number of people walking around.
A man and woman enjoy a cigarette outside of a shop.
A little girl in pink dances with her hands on her hips.
Men and women on bikes stop to look at something.
A little boy looks at his reflection in a burnished marble wall.
The three girls sat on the beach.
A black and brown dog is laying on a white shaggy carpet.
A little girl with a tiara eating in someones lap.
A man in a brown shirt is sitting on the sidewalk and playing a guitar.
A very unusually dressed man sitting beside an ice cream cooler.
A man in a gray and black sweater is sitting on a stool in front of a group of cages.
Eleven little girls posing as a team in a pool.
A man sleeps in a hammock next to water and a boat.
A kid looking over a carnival booth counter at the various toys.
A brown horse stands near a black horse that is sitting on the ground.
One man is playing the drums while another is singing Karaoke.
A woman in the middle of throwing a bowling ball in a bowling alley.
A white and tan dog leaps through the air.
These girls are in uniforms and are playing field hockey.
Two persons carry a large, inflatable bottle, past a young woman and a parked white car.
A man with a large feather in his hat rides a horse.
A man at work, butchering a cow.
An artist consults the plan for her section of an elaborate chalk drawing on a sidewalk.
Two dogs are playing together on green grass.
A woman playing a guitar in front of a group of people standing outside.
Two men are hanging out and grilling
A woman is holding a little girl who is trying to catch bubbles.
People having a barbecue by the beach.
A man creating a clay object at a potters wheel.
Two emergency responders are at the scene of an incident.
A boy is diving off a diving board into a swimming pool.
A boy in a wetsuit jumps into a pool with a bald man.
A group of three individuals are working in a cluttered office setting.
The man is wearing a white shirt and sunglasses.
Three people sit on wood benches set on white and orange tile.
Two men in tall hats frown at the camera
An asian family is picnicking at the beach while others play in the water.
Three people stand outside around two grills where meat is being cooked.
A man is sitting at an outside bar near many soda and beer cans.
A teenage boy is talking to a group of teenage girls.
The little girl is riding in a brown horse.
Two women wearing hats covered in flowers are posing.
People walk around and mingle in a large open space with a dog.
A woman shops at a farmers market.
Women and men in a different country looking like they are clapping
These men are practicing martial arts.
A man in a red shirt pins a younger man in a white shirt to a blue padded mat.
A closeup of a child on a playground with adult supervision.
A man pulling a fancy rickshaw along a waterway smiles and gives the "thumbs up" sign.
A young baby sucking a Binky asleep in a chair.
Two teenage girls, one wearing a white jersey and the other wearing a red jersey, playing soccer.
A young woman standing on a window ledge of brick building while child looks on.
A brown dog jumping in the air on a brown plain.
A man in a white shirt is playing tennis.
Two men take measurements of a wall at an open construction site.
A man in a red and white checked shirt plays in a park.
A black dog and a brown dog playing in tall weeds.
A woman in a striped shirt and black hair stands facing some booths.
A man adjusts the knobs on a large sound mixing board.
A man in a tan fisherman's cap puts lip balm on a woman in a boat.
A young child holds a spoon to its mouth while sitting in a chair.
A man and a woman fish from a boat.
A man with a guitar is sitting on a bench outside with three other people sitting by him.
Group of people standing or sitting outside of a cafe.
A man wearing a black jacket is playing guitar.
Construction workers work on a road into the night.
Two men in the woods using a chainsaw to cut some trees.
A young boy plays on a swing.
A woman sitting on a bench in front of a large painting.
A man with red-hair working on his bicycle.
A construction crew working at several spots on the road.
City workers fixing concrete on a road.
Two workers that are working on the side of a street in neon yellow vests.
Group of people walking on the heavy snow.
Two girls standing on grass face each other.
A child stands ready with a baseball mitt.
Three children, baby in the center, sit in an outdoor swing chair.
Two men on the side of a barge
Two young male hikers using a map and compass to find their direction in the woods.
A group of children in brown outfits are performing.
Two police officers look at a house from a distance with binoculars.
People at a distance trying to climb a cliff.
Two African American makes play their trumpets in a major city with onlookers watching.
The four hikers walked up the gravel road.
A man and a woman can prepare meals at camp together.
Family sitting on a bench near the beach.
Five people are sitting around a table, outside, playing a card game.
A person in a black hat is holding multicolored juggling pins.
A male with a hat is juggling four balls.
A man in a yellow jumpsuit rowing a boat with a bird in front.
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket.
A man is sitting behind a hard wood counter.
A child is playing in the street, doing a cartwheel.
A boy is sitting on rectangular blocks.
Closeup of a man in a bar, holding his glasses slanted in front of his face.
Two men in black eating a sandwich.
2 women wearing brightly colored clothes are sitting next to a dirt road on a rock having a conversation while they 're watching the field.
Eight gentlemen are working with stone &amp; tile.
A girl in a yellow dress with the sun shining on her face
Two people are sitting with their backs facing cotton candy.
A boy poses for a picture and in the background a man is hanging by a rope.
A young women sits at a vending stall labeled ice creams and programs.
Several young adults performing in martial arts clothing.
A female martial arts student demonstrates with a weapon while others watch.
Some people with black belts, or black and red belts, are performing martial arts on a green mat.
Two men are discussing sometime near a wall with some graffiti on it.
Surrounded by spectators, a man in a red shirt, white pants and visor, swings a golf club.
A child is laying down on a wooden bench.
A man is sitting in front of a computer monitor holding a keyboard and looking at the camera.
A group of worshipers hold their services in a public park.
A baby and a young child are sitting together in a highchair.
Commuters rush to get on the late train.
A brunette woman is sitting in a blue folding chair and reading at the beach.
A family is sitting outside enjoying themselves in a park area.
Men and women wearing white swim caps giving each other piggyback rides.
Bird's eye view of a man ascending a staircase outdoors.
A woman with a floral shirt and purse and a man with a black shirt are walking while another man walks behind them.
Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.
A person wearing a purple jacket stands behind a tall tree.
A wedding day with the bride in a bright white beautiful dress
A child hold green shoes is walking in the sand by the water.
Large amount of people sitting up against the walls of buildings.
A woman in a bright green sweater is playing with a dragon puppet a garden.
Some construction workers are taking a break.
A man playing a guitar while a couple is listening and watching another man dancing to the music.
Person sitting on concrete landing next to body of water
A man jumps off of a small stone bridge while three children and a woman watch him.
A man wearing a plastic bib with a crab on it, holds up a wooden hammer.
Skiers get caught on the dusty slopes and almost fall down and break their legs.
The girl on the unicycle reaches out for the child on the scooter.
A man with a beard and a hat is begging for money from people.
A man wearing a sleeveless shirt and construction helmet.
Three people push a piece of large machinery through the street.
People waiting outside a building next to a mural.
An old woman sits in a transit station next to a backlit advertisement.
Two workers toil in a smelting factory.
A man and a woman locking arms (wearing expensive clothing) next to glass display (perhaps retail stores) on the sidewalk in an urban setting.
A child is sliding down a hill on a sled.
A gray dog runs along side a pool while a yellow dog jumps into the pool.
Two men in a room looking at a computer screen.
Redhead woman in pigtails and glasses sewing on a sewing machine.
A middle-aged woman cooking while her dog watches.
A man wearing a ball cap and a blue T-shirt rides a white horse down a dirt road through lush, green nature.
A woman with dirty blond-hair and glasses is cutting something.
Several children sit on a carnival ride in front of the face of a clown and several fake balloons.
2 men stand in line at a restaurant.
A young man looks at a book on the ground in a wooded area.
A boy with glasses and plaid shirt reads a book.
A dog running across a grassy field with a stick in its mouth.
Terrier dog playing with toy on blanket
A young guy, probably in his early twenties, shows off his culinary skills with pride.
A man on stilts stands in front of a line of drummers.
Three road workers in orange jackets and pants clean up with a wheelbarrow.
A man on a ladder wearing blue jacket and a blue jeans
This picture of a man reading is tilted.
A little boy kicking a rubber ball.
Three children are playing with a red ball in a park.
A group of people walking down a trail in the woods.
A soccer player in a red uniform goes after the ball, fending off a player in white.
Colored woman rolling a bowling ball down an alley.
A busy street with lots of people standing around talking and two are holding bikes.
A dog walks through a field.
A woman carries a child in her arm and holds another child's hand as they walk outside next to a building.
Two women holding hands in the air while jumping.
A family coming back from shopping and a gentlemen is reading his newspaper to the side of the street.
Three boys wearing Florida Marlins hats.
One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.
Parents are pushing little children in red car carts.
A little child with a red cap and a duck are in the grass.
Two bakery employees wearing red aprons are preparing food.
A line of six children in bathing suits prepare to leap into a swimming pool.
Lots of people walking under a awning of pink and white balloons
Couple, man and woman, with little girl all of them dressed in wedding apparel while standing along shoreline.
People sitting in a circle with a book in the middle.
A tan colored dog is jumping into an outdoor pool.
Two children wearing jeans squirt water at each other.
A man and two women wearing all black act out a scene in front of a building with steps.
A big dog catches a ball on his nose
An adult shows a young child a fencing outfit which is set up on a tree.
A white male wearing glasses is blowing a bubble in a house.
A group of people walking on a street in front of an AMC building.
Two men and a dog are standing among rolling green hills.
Man in orange shorts builds a sand castle, combining multiple pictures into one resulting in four copies of him.
A guy wearing protective gear is welding a steel beam.
The dark brown dog is playing with the light brown dog.
A woman throwing a Frisbee on a beach.
A group of young people are playing in a fountain of water.
This man is smiling very big at the camera.
A teenage boy has a silver ring protruding from his nose.
A man eating in a messy kitchen.
Young man showing off by performing a karate move for surprised girl.
A child is brushing an infant's hair.
A happy young boy sits in a chair with a large Elmo doll.
Construction workers standing outside looking at wires above them.
5 athletes wearing white tops and white bottoms are doing a routine for an audience.
Old lady sitting in a room full of flowers.
A man in a red shirt is giving toys to a small dog.
Five construction workers dig a hole to plant a tree.
A man in a safety vest is kneeling down and working on a train.
Two dogs are wrestling in a grassy field.
Person wearing a hooded jacket sitting on snow in front of a yellow tent.
The woman with the hat is selling some fruits and root crops.
A young man is presenting another woman with a cake with three candles on top.
A young boy in a flowered apron is helping his mother cook.
Blond woman driving a red bicycle carriage holds the tip of her hat and poses for the camera with a customer seated in the back.
A young girl wearing yellow flip-flops is sitting on a large boulder.
Two women stand together holding a pot and a pan of food.
Man paddling a boat on a river near the bank.
People are gathered around and walking buy a display of clothing and other items.
A beach is full of many people.
Three girls walk under an arbor on a path surrounded by trees.
A black man operates an orange crane.
Three kids on a grass field, one of them searching for food in her mom's purse.
The old man in the brown hat is sitting on the bench.
Child in black jacket, red pants and fleece had sleeps on a red jacket.
A kid jumping into a pool of water.
A female washes her medium-sized dog outdoors in a plastic container while a friend secures it with a leash.
A girl sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume
A man in a baseball cap cleans out a blue colored pit outside where colorful Christmas lights hang above him.
Four men sitting and working on laptops.
A female swimmer wearing a swim cap and nose clips moves slowly through the water is seen from below.
People walking along a river near a beautiful homestead.
A man in an pilot uniform is walking down the sidewalk carrying luggage.
A person is sitting behind two large baskets of bread.
Three men are setting up a sledge on a snowy plain.
A little boy in overalls crying.
Two women, sitting at a table, with a green straw inside of a drink.
A mother and son read a book about dinosaurs together.
A group of friends are fishing off the loading ramp
Girl learning about animals at the zoo.
Two men and two women are preparing a large meal in the kitchen.
A man wearing suspenders in standing on a train.
Black and white dog looking at camera with man bent over in the background.
A groundskeeper has collected a bucket full of sticks.
A man with a pitchfork stands near a bucket of branches across from an apartment complex.
Three people sitting outside on small rocks behind a big bush, wearing long pants.
A small girl spins in the waves in the bright sun.
A boy standing at the beach holding a blue pale and a green shovel.
A five person surgical team is about to perform an operation in a hospital.
A man wearing a black shirt and goggles is running along the street
An Elderly man crouches to lift the covering off the grill wear several shish kabab are grilling.
The man is holding the net for the boy playing baseball.
A young man does a skateboard trick off of a concrete bench.
The young girl is swinging high above the ground on a nice summer day.
A guy standing outside with no shirt on looking up at the building.
A shirtless man leading a horse that is pulling a carriage.
A little baby dressed in green and yellow wearing a bib cries.
A construction worker is building scaffolding for the job.
People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.
A kid may be playing soccer while in a suit.
Numerous people sitting on the ground near a straw hut.
A man standing on a railroad track looking through his binoculars at a river.
A person doing a skateboard flip next to a black trashcan.
Two people are standing in a field holding some books.
Man with gray hair telling a story to a group of younger people on a bench.
A boy looking at a chopped log.
Four men in white shirts and baseball caps sitting around a table.
A young boy picks up a paintbrush and grins.
Group setting up a wooden cross near a large boulder.
A woman sits on a man's shoulders using a heavy brush as a hammer.
Two young men clutch rags in their hands as a elderly man tells them how to clean the large cross.
A young man cleaning a statue with a brush.
The woman tries to hide from work under a black sweatshirt, but her red corduroy pants give her away.
A young lady sits in front of a fence with a bucket.
Three men are looking at a sign on a cross in a canyon.
A group of young people are in a garage
A man and a woman play on a tree while others look on.
A person in blue shorts and wearing a Walkman jogs.
A young man standing in front of a red freight car holding a camera and taking a photo.
A lady wearing a helmet holding a bike.
Two people take in the scene as they stand together looking out over the canyon.
Young boy and an older man waiting to check out.
A man wearing a helmet riding his bicycle down the street.
A little girl wearing a green dress is standing in front of puddle.
A woman wearing a blue helmet rides her bicycle in a parking lot.
A smiling woman holds a person dressed in a pig costume.
A very colorful bus is pulled off to the side of the road as its passengers load.
Two children play on the path in a park.
A man and women are posing for the camera and looking very happy together.
A man in a blue shirt is kissing a woman with blond-hair on the cheek.
A white, young man in dreadlocks and a green kilt is sitting on a couch smiling.
A child getting out of the car wearing soccer shoes.
A man is inside a truck looking out with his left arm in front of a door.
A group of girls are cheering.
The child in the green one piece suit is walking past a store window.
A female blacksmith is shoeing a horse.
People strolling in a mall with colorful decorations hanging from the ceiling.
Two skiers stand, two sit on slopes.
A line of people, some standing and some sitting, are waiting on a platform for a train.
A brown-haired woman looks at a baby eating something.
A man is putting up a wall.
Three people enter a building with a handwritten sign that says "Welcome Bikers."
A man on a motorcycle without a shirt and another man standing under shade.
A young man holding a huge chainsaw.
A man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of two beds that a boy is jumping on in the background
A boy jumps from one bed to another.
A women's roller derby team taking a break.
Someone working on a project using a jigsaw cutting machine.
A brown and white dog stands outside while it snows.
A young boy runs while wearing sandals.
A pile of seaweed sits on the sand, behind it a big black dog is running in the water.
A girl blowing bubbles in the swimming pool.
Two brown dogs runs through the water.
Brown dog with tennis ball in mouth, in water and bushes.
Blond child with large black coat, multicolored scarf, and knit hat standing in front of a window.
A boy strolls by a pond in a park.
Two dogs run through the water with a rope in their mouths.
A man sitting on a wall and looking at a body of water.
A bald little boy holds a chicken while two men are sitting in the background.
A brunette woman walking down a street with a cup.
A man in a black suit and briefcase hurrying somewhere, while talking on his cellphone.
A woman and two girls dressed in pink.
Two men are working on a carpentry project with hand tools.
A female works out near the ocean side.
A number of children enjoy themselves on the coast of a city.
People walking up and down the steps to a church.
A young man in a gray jacket stands behind the counter of a jewelery store and smiles.
A person stands on a structure on the lake.
A little toddler dressed in white is smiling while a lady helps him wave a flag.
A man standing beside the back of a nude statue.
A boy in a dirty shirt is walking through knee-high ocean water.
A woman in pink cuts a hamburger with a spatula.
A kid with floaters jumping into a lake.
A young girl in a karate uniform holding a large trophy.
A guy in a yellow shirt and light brown slacks is playing golf while the crowd watch.
A man in an orange vest standing atop a building.
Man is standing on white sand and holding a snowboard.
Workman are completing repairs on a city street.
A man with a safety vest is kneeling down and cleaning the bricks.
Men wearing orange safety vest are working on street repairs.
A small child doing a handstand on a bed.
A man and child on a ship doing maintenance.
A bike sitting in a street with a rope tied to it and a guy walking on the rope.
Smiling little girl swimming in outdoor pool.
A dog with its mouth open running through a field torwards the camera.
A man in red pants jumping on a park table.
A woman is jogging on a sidewalk next to an elevated grassy platform.
The small dog is running across the lawn.
A woman in Muslim attire is walking with a young boy down the street.
A little boy stands in the surf.
A man looks through a large camera-like device in a field near a camper and some parked vehicles.
This is a man standing on a rooftop with construction in the background.
A dog is standing in the sand.
A woman in a white shirt and pink skirt is about to hit a tennis ball.
Black and white bird standing on hand of someone holding sunflower seeds
A girl wearing a red short and a white shirt looking through a hole.
People sitting in a restaurant eating and one is reading the paper.
A dog is running on the beach.
A little girl playing in water on a frog sculpture.
A rock climber climbs a large rock.
Man with red shoes, white shirt and gray pants climbing.
People enjoy a gathering with Pabst Blue Ribbon and Diet Coke.
Two ladies and a man playing a card game and drinking beer.
Boys on a motor-scooter riding down a busy urban street.
A girl in a green Speedo top and blue goggles holds her breath underwater.
A person in a hat is playing with a boy on a beach.
Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.
A boy in a Gap hat is making a silly face.
A baby is sitting on and playing with smooth rocks.
Two children running with no shoes on.
Two jugglers using flaming torches are performing for a crowd of people who are sitting on steps.
Two tennis players are talking on the tennis courts.
A brown and white dog jumping up to catch a Frisbee while an audience watches.
A man in an apron sits on a curb.
An adult and a child walk along the beach during the day.
A hockey goalie is trying to prevent a goal from the opposing team.
A man dressed in a funky outfit is playing guitar.
Girl in odd clothes reading a brochure while sitting on a wooden porch.
A young girl is looking through an old fashioned video camera.
A black dog jumping to catch a rope toy
A man in a black jacket is standing with a group of people behind him.
The lady has a black sling bag.
A young group of friends adorned with face paint and feathered headbands sit on a bench.
Men are constructing a wall in the desert.
A soccer player in a green uniform with a ball in is hands is being held up by some of his teammates, while an opposing player in red reaches for the ball.
A couple kissing while going up the escalator.
Man in blue shirt and black pants is looking at his thumb on one hand while holding glasses in his other hand.
A little girl in a denim jacket running through a field.
A cyclist is riding a bicycle on a curved road up a hill.
A young girl painting a picture.
People are standing around an American flag that is spread out, facing the wrong direction.
A group of people are sitting on stools eating some food
A woman is watching as a guy is scooping ice cream from a freezer.
Small boy carries a soccer ball on a field.
A white baby boy crying over a tipped over toy.
A group of people gather and holding different types of flags.
A boy in yellow glasses and red-haired girl pose for the camera.
A mexican man sits under the hood of his truck.
Three guys riding on an elephant with a house-like structures and trees in the background.
A man on stage singing into a microphone.
A man in sandals and white cardigan sits on a green bench while talking on his cellphone.
A large ship approaching the dock with two men awaiting its arrival.
Two women hugging in a grassy, fenced field with a cow's behind in the background.
Two hands are flipping some food in a cast iron pan, with a spatula.
A woman with dark hair wearing a bikini is sitting on a beach.
A man on a four-wheeler jumps near a small building.
A man on a four wheeler is flying through the air.
Three people on ATV's outside.
A little girl with brown hair is blowing the petals off of a flower.
A woman is walking at dusk down an urban street.
A young man wearing a black shirt takes a folding chair from a large stack.
Two people working on removing snow from a roof.
Several people are taking a break while on a snowmobiling ride.
Two people having a discussion sitting in a restaurant.
The boys smiles underwater at the pool.
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.
A young Asian boy sits on a railing behind a row of colorful hats
Little girl in blue swimsuit standing on a handrail near a beach.
A little girl in a flower print bathing suit, jumping into the ocean.
Two men barbecuing at a beach.
A yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt.
Dog running out of tunnel on obstacle course
A little boy playing in the water.
A boy has blown four bubbles on the lawn.
An elderly women is sitting in a chair with a cane in her hand.
A girl working at a farm market selling peppers.
A lady in a white t-shirt is looking toward the person with their arm raised in the air.
Woman meticulously working with a sewing machine.
A man wearing swimming trunks jumps off a concrete platform into a large body of water.
A group of kids in class with their hands in the air.
Three young adults are sitting around, with the girl pretending to kick one of the guys in the face while laughing, and the guy behind him looks like he's in midsentence.
A woman standing in front of a chalk drawing
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.
A person climbing down a sheer rock cliff using a rope
Two horses pull a carriage driven by a woman over snow covered ground.
A woman in a blue jacket rides a brown pony near water.
A male in a black shirt, and black pants, working on the engine of an old, green antique automobile, with a yellow gas canister sitting on the grass.
A woman in a green tank top is surrounded by three children, laughing.
Six males playing a game in the sand with wooden paddles.
A mother and children is fishing on a boardwalk at night.
A woman dressed in light purple and wearing a corsage clasps her hands in her lap.
People are crossing a city street intersection.
A woman in a green shirt and jeans kneels on a stoop with coffee in hand, her purse beside her and a large door behind her, as she fills out paperwork.
A brown dog running next to grass.
Skiiers at the top of a snow covered hill.
Two skiers are making their way through woodland.
Two young people are approached by a flamboyant young woman dressed in a red bikini and a red feathered headress.
An elderly woman pan frying food in a kitchen.
A family playing on a tractor on a beautiful day
A teenage boy is jumping on an inflatable slide.
A group of fourteen is assembled in a hall with dining tables and a stage.
A man in a reflective jacket positions himself on scaffolding.
The regional park police helicopter is preparing to land.
Many scooters are parked together on the sidewalk.
A woman in blue shorts and a white shirt is indoor rock climbing.
A white dog has its head on the ground.
A woman with reddish hair applies mascara to her eyelashes.
A man fixing the road with his equipment.
Men in safety vests are working on a track.
A shirtless man and a woman sitting on a dock.
There are three dogs starring at a ball in the middle of them.
A woman assembles a white metal frame on the sidewalk.
An older guy looking at a classic, rustic, volkswagen beetle.
Workers wearing reflective vests working near a train car.
A man, and girl and two horses are near a contained fire.
Men at work shoveling snow from a rail track.
Four girls are sitting in the grass while several men stand near them.
Woman on a hill by a white cross overlooking a beach.
A person with brown pants is sitting around a fenced area that has sparks flying.
Two young boys making silly faces.
Two chefs prepare burgers in a restaurant kitchen.
A group of people riding in the back of a truck, down the road, in a country area.
A man in a wetsuit is throwing a toddler up in the air and is ready to catch him.
A boy sliding down a slide into a pool with colorful tubes.
A young woman on a boat in a light colored bikini kicks a man wearing a straw cowboy hat.
Dozens of people are partying on a boat.
A boy covered in suds has his face wiped clean.
A man with two dogs on a beach
A group of people sitting at a table in a darkened room.
The little boy rides his bicycle in a race.
A young man is walking through a busy street beside a mall.
Two men squat to light candles at night.
A woman is reading a magazine over another woman's shoulder.
A crowd watching air balloons at night.
A man wearing a yellow shirt is throwing a javelin on a track.
A man and woman napping on a blue couch.
An old weathered, bearded man wearing all black, riding a beautiful white donkey on white rocks.
A man stand there after rolling a bowling ball down a lane.
A woolly dog chases a Doberman on a beach.
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy.
A doctor and nurses in blue scrubs are performing an operation.
Elderly man with a cane bends over near a man and woman.
Three boys playing and biking with a pile of sand in the middle
Bikers in a bike race take a sharp left turn.
A boy wearing a red shirt is riding his bike right next to a mound of dirt.
A skier is overlooking a snow-covered mountain.
A boy in his blue swim shorts at the beach.
A group of shirtless men are sitting in the shade on a tropical beach.
At the bakery, the fat old baker sleeps while his apprentice rubs the flour out of his eyes, seated beside him.
A man in a hard hat is wearing a blue shirt and blue jean overalls.
A magazine vendor sits behind a very colorful collage of magazines.
Men wearing hard hats and safety vests are working.
A beach with blue and red boats, with people on shore
Several firefighters stand outside of a building near their firetrucks.
Several firefighters are responding to an alarm.
A man in a home kitchen is flipping a pancake extremely high.
A woman in a red shirt is under a blanket and sleeping in a vehicle.
A man asleep in a car that's driving.
A little girl in a red shirt and jeans climbs a small tree while another little girl looks on.
A man is sleeping on a bench near a bus stop.
A man lounges in a wooden basin of water while eating a fruit.
A light-colored dog runs on the beach.
A little kid is jumping off a high dive at the pool.
People jogging together on a park sidewalk.
Two women are sitting and talking and laughing together.
A little girl looking at a brochure on train rides
Two children play with a balloon in mud on a sunny day.
A child happily mixing batter in a bowl.
Two construction workers take a seat on a steel beam.
A meal is on a table in a restaurant.
A couple wearing white sweaters sit at a restaurant table.
A girl with pigtails plays in the water.
A girl paddling down a large river, as seen from behind her.
A driver communicating on his walkie talkie.
Young woman holding a bottle, reaching out from a bench to shake a man's hand.
Two kids are laughing in the grass.
A little boy skateboarder is doing a trick on his board while another young skateboarder watches.
A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.
A young girl wearing a multicolored holding an orange ball in her right hand walking through bright green grass behind a house
Two girls crouch in front of some bushes and talk on their phones.
Two women, one in green and the other in purple, washing a sidewalk.
A security guard stands by a metal, lighted sculpture.
Five hikers, one facing towards the camera and the others facing away from it, are walking through a rocky riverbed.
Several young people sitting on a rail above a crowded beach.
A samurai warrior in full black dress takes his sword from the sheath on an outdoor training mat.
A member of an African tribe is watching the camera intently in tribal dress.
A sleeping baby is in someone's arms and wearing a pink striped outfit
Two individuals, a male and a female, standing in a forested area around a tub.
Four children are smiling as they pose together with a bicycle that is much too big for them.
A guy wearing blue in a hole.
A woman is carrying a bowl full of fruit on her head near the ocean side.
A group of people are eating noddles.
Two women are walking in a crosswalk with a bus in the background.
A 30 somethings man playing with his phone on a subway train.
A man is standing on a ladder painting bricks
A man in a white shirt rides a bicycle on a busy street.
An older man with gray hair is sitting in a chair playing a large instrument made of bamboo.
Asian man and blond woman holding hands outdoors, man in background watches.
Two little girls and an old man have a conversation.
A young boy overlooking a crowd of inflatable boats.
Many people cross a very tall footbridge with a tree-covered hill in the background.
Three people rest on a ledge above the moutains.
A man and his dog are grilling green beans on a grill.
A child walks in a grassy field.
A solitary man stand on a bridge in the evening.
A woman is laying on a red blanket in a park.
A woman in a white shirt is sitting at a table in a nice restaurant.
A man wearing a black shirt smoothing out concrete in an urban area.
A man in a black shirt plays a black-colored guitar.
A girl playing softball hits the ball almost directly downwards
A man wearing black is playing an electric guitar at a concert.
The boy eats his food outside at the table.
A young blond-haired boy and a dark-haired girl are eating at a kid's table.
A man in a red shirt is sitting by fruit for sale.
A woman is walking her baby with a stroller at the local park.
A man is standing in front of a skyscraper
Three dogs stand in a grassy field while a person kneels nearby.
Toddler boy in a red hat holding on to some railings.
The man with the backpack is sitting in a buildings courtyard in front of an art sculpture reading.
Hockey goalie boy in red jacket crouches by goal, with stick.
A brown and black lab are outside and the black lab is catching a toy in its mouth.
Two men and two women sitting on steps outdoors.
A woman in a white tank top with a green flowing skirt, on stage singing a song.
Three old men are watching another man prepare fish.
A group of youths march down the street waving flags showing the color spectrum.
Two men sitting on a bench talking, with a billboard advertisement for glasses in the background.
A construction site on a street with three men working.
Two people are sitting on a bench, and one women is standing by them.
A man and a baby are in a yellow kayak on water.
A boy jumps on his skateboard while a crowd watches
In a crowded concert a man in white is approaching the main singer who is wearing a yellow shirt.
Villagers selling their crops at the market.
A wet black dog is carrying a green toy through the grass.
A couple stands behind their wedding cake.
A man in black attire shovels snow into the street, disregarding all public safety.
Three people walking on a path in a meadow.
A person in blue and red ice climbing with two picks.
Two large tan dogs play along a sandy beach.
A man is drilling through the frozen ice of a pond.
The black dog runs through the water.
Some men standing in front of a building next to a parked car.
A couple sit on the grass with a baby and stroller.
A young boy waves his hand at the duck in the water surrounded by a green park.
A bearded traveler in a red shirt sitting in a car and reading a map.
A elderly father and his grown son are preparing for a camping trip in the wild.
A man showing off his new wooden creation.
Two hikers resting by a patch of snow.
A black and white dog jumps up towards a yellow toy.
Guy in green shirt with hand covering part of his face in restaurant booth.
A white dog is about to catch a yellow dog toy.
A man and a little girl happily posing in front of their cart in a supermarket.
A dog is playing with a hose.
A man is standing in front of a small red object that looks like a plane.
Woman in red windbreaker looking though a rooftop binoculars at the city below.
A young boy is pushing a toy ATV around a rubber pool
The young gymnast's supple body soars above the balance beam.
Seven climbers are ascending a rock face whilst another man stands holding the rope.
Man on skis looking at artwork for sale in the snow
A crowd is standing and waiting for the green light.
A dog is running in the snow
A barefooted man wearing olive green shorts grilling hotdogs on a small propane grill while holding a blue plastic cup.
Man in a red shirt riding his bicycle around water.
A man in a suit is running past two other gentleman, also dressed in a suit.
A black dog leaps over a log.
A little boy is standing on the street while a man in overalls is working on a stone wall.
Men walking down a street with children.
A man with a red jacket is shielding himself from the sun trying to read a piece of paper.
A boy in a red jacket pouring water on a man in a white shirt
A boy jump kicking over three kids kicking wood during a tae kwon do competition.
A man with a balloon hat and people eating outdoors at picnic tables.
A man in sunglasses puts his arm around a woman in a black and white blouse.
A group of people having a barbecue at a park.
A white dog shakes on the edge of a beach with an orange ball.
A little boy playing GameCube at a McDonald's.
A beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her new husband.
A man walks by a silver vehicle.
People are watching a person in a weird vehicle in a plaza.
Two young toddlers outside on the grass.
A man leans into a car to talk to the driver, as a man on a bicycle looks on.
Asian man sweeping the walkway.
A black woman and a white man working in a factory setting packing jars with candles into boxes.
A man with a backwards hat works on machinery.
Five men, uniformly dressed in white shirts, tie and black slacks converse at the back of an open van.
A person riding a bike on a snowy road.
A trained police dog sits next to his handler in front of the police van.
A old man having a beer alone.
Five people walking with a multicolored sky in the background.
A man standing at a urinal with a coffee cup.
A young man in a black and yellow jacket is gazing at something and smiling.
You know i am looking like Justin Bieber.
The small child climbs on a red ropes on a playground.
A man in green pants walking down the road.
A person dressed in a blue coat is standing in on a busy sidewalk, studying painting of a street scene.
A man wearing a reflective vest and a hard hat holds a flag in the road
Two children sit on a small seesaw in the sand.
A man getting a tattoo on his back.
A large crowd of people stand outside in front of the entrance to a Metro station.
A large structure has broken and is laying in a roadway.
A bunch of elderly women play their clarinets together as they read off sheet music.
Five people are sitting in a circle with instruments.
A man lays on the bench to which a white dog is also tied.
A little girl is sitting in front of a large painted rainbow.
A lady in a black top with glasses is sprinkling powdered sugar on a bundt cake.
Several women wait outside in a city.
A man in a neon green and orange uniform is driving on a green tractor.
A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
Four guys three wearing hats one not are jumping at the top of a staircase.
A ballet class of five girls jumping in sequence.
Boys dancing on poles in the middle of the night.
A woman with a large purse is walking by a gate.
A trendy girl talking on her cellphone while gliding slowly down the street.
A man is smiling at a stuffed lion
A man in green holds a guitar while the other man observes his shirt.
Two men are at the stove preparing food.
A man in a blue shirt is standing on a ladder cleaning a window.
A little girl climbing into a wooden playhouse.
Several men in hard hats are operating a giant pulley system.
Two young, White males are outside near many bushes.
